The Hindus of my country are very rare. Some are firm Ram devotees and some are Babar's brother-in-law Jai Shri Ram
The government always brings new schemes to increase the earnings of farmers, so that they do not have to bear much financial burden.
The business deal that Sushant had done on June, why did the deal Deepesh remembered on the day of Sushant's murder. See India asks Arnab with Republic on India
Salient JNU impression: The people say to the Hindus that the Constitution gives equal rights to all. The truth is that it does not give equal rights.
Guidelines for Unlock 4 released: Metro service will be started across the country from September, after September rallies and other functions will not be allowed in the concession zone, people will not be allowed to remain closed.
China argued in the UN that the opposition of India does not consider Azar Masood as a terrorist, how can we believe. Die traitors drowned in urine all over Chullu. Now the people of India have to think why they should vote for the opposition… Vikram Sharma
Country's Record Cases
Parents will smile with the rest of the students listening to the exits from the examination center
Soon to be seen in Bare Grylls' show Into the Wild with Bare Grylls.
We want to struggle, because we want to set an example of struggle in front. There will be so much new in the new city that we will spend years in establishing our roots. We are definitely in debt, but we do not want to lose. He too fought without fighting.
Modiji and when the whole country stands with the army, but two grown-ups are lying abroad, so they say that the son of a foreign mother is never a patriot…
Orders have come for the demolition of houses, no matter what the illegal portion of the house is one of the rich…
When the BJP spokesperson said to the Congress spokesperson, then hear what the Congress spokesperson responded
Akshay Kumar will be seen in dangerous forests with beer grills, video released
Father-in-law raped Azam Khan's daughter. Now the quatation arises as to what the child will say to Azam Khan's real Damad.
Kangana Ranaut of Congress origin will campaign for BJP in Bihar elections
People living in home isolation carry thermometer and pulse oximeter together. If someone has a cough or fever or breathes, then helpline no. Or contact ACS, Medical and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh reached Rajaji Marg and paid tribute to former President Pranab Mukherjee
Official will give IPL update
Arrested for extortion under checking, police arrested vicious miscreants, recovered scooty, brownies, mobiles, arrested by police in rural police station.
Professor Tsukuhonjo, who won Japan's Nobel Prize and worked in China for years, claims that corona is a natural, not artificial, virus that China has created.
In Delhi, terrorists were caught in the jihadi ghee box carrying illegal weapons to carry out mass murders of Hindus and Sikhs.
There is unity in the dog too, there is opposition in thoughts, but still there is unity in the journalist, not till today, on the news channel, Ashutosh sir was called Gaurav Bhatia, I will slap you both ears. Journalist Rohit Sardana kept listening to me, I was very sad
Pranab Mukherjee rejected mercy petitions related to the applicants. Pratibha Patil, who was the President before Pranab, saved the maximum number of people from the gallows. Pranab waived the death sentence of only seven.
China redeploys its J20 fighter aircraft close to Ladakh, flying continuously
Ha bay kat land ki padais halala ki olad tumhe yeh maalum tera abu kaun kaun hai and your khala jaan chudayikhana does not know that your Abu is maulvi saheb, chacha hai, brother jaan hai or neighborhood neighbor Abdul, Farooq, Rahis Chacha bhi tere Abu Life can be sweet.
Home minister Amit Shah is suffering from bone cancer
On Twitter, you will find many pussies, who will meet opposing Hindus ... they have their own fake id, now look at the same Chaman pussy, Pistol is named Pandey and is engaged in opposing Hindus. Somebody will have a pony for hire, only to be able to resist.
Rahul Gandhi Maa What will I do next year Sonia Gandhi Son has recharged TV and sit and watch Chhota Bheem.
Recorded thief theft in CCTV, lots of gold coins recovered
This poor man prepares so much before appearing on TV
Now it seems impossible that any such person who has retired and no longer plays cricket, will come back for CSK. Maybe, he might go to the auction again and another team buys him
Tamil Nadu government rejects new national education policy three language policy, says only two languages ​​will be implemented
GST is Rahul Gandhi's second major attack on India's unorganized economy
Yogi Adityanath ji's tireless hard work is the result that Uttar Pradesh has left behind all irony and has started the path of all-round development. Jai Ho ji
Rahul Gandhi's befitting reply to the photo with Modi's peacock
Uproar in Bangalore for objectionable remarks on the Prophet Mohammed by the peace-loving and the usurper who regularly abused Hindu deities. Although Prayagaj remained peaceful ..
JEE first shift exam ended, the students who came out said that there was a fear about Corona, but happiness is that we have a year left
When developed countries around the world fell into disarray. The manner in which the state faced this difficult time during this period is commendable. Yogi ji's father also passed away but he continued to serve the people, showing his commitment to the people of the state.
A meeting of office-bearers of Bhopal zone was held today under the chairmanship of the state president, in which training was given and oximeters were distributed in connection with the Oxygen Testing Campaign starting in September.
Stephen Begun said this at the 3rd India-US Leadership Summit organized through the Indo-US Strategic and Partnership Forum through virtual means.
Is humanity dead
Congratulations Modi ji, your mind has got a full thousand dislikes.
Kejriwal is a creation of the Sangh branch. The Sangh branch spreads terror as it has spread falsehood, it has taken education from childhood, it was correcting corona percent by donating plasma, it has all become official through corruption.
The CBI is investigating the village hemp and its media is doing the report, so one hundred and fifty grams of ganja will be found after the raiding of the bungalow of Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, where the village is behind
What are you saying, Sharma?
Special CBI team from Delhi to reveal the secret of Sushant Singh Rajput's suspected death will recite the crime scene at Sushant's house.
CP Sujit Pandey will press conference, press conference will be on important issues, press conference will be held in police line.
The picture shows the blue print of Babri Hospital
List of Amrapali's projects online, its investors or buyers find their name here via
Plasma therapy of Delhi model showing the way to America has saved hundreds of lives in Delhi. This story of Paramjeet ji, conveying the message of humanity and brotherhood, will definitely inspire you.
Recently, a Hindu woman was beaten up by RSS goons for endorsing a Kashmiri Muslim girl. India is in the possession of the RSS. They have complete control over the media, law enforcement, judicial and national security. Will this country remain stable if it continues? so
Article Vice Presidential Statement repealed to protect the unity, integrity and sovereignty of the country
The students here are the only ones who have been found in the hotel hostels after the vandalism. Very sad to see the books of these people, everything is torn.
After studying engineering Sudeep Birthday, Kicha Sudeep came into the world of acting, know more interesting things
Tweet your opinion on big evidence against Riya Watch LIVE
Today in a banquet hall we started the Corona Center of Beds. There is oxygen on every bed. Now in this way Karona centers will be built in many banquet halls all over Delhi.
Judge corrupt in India, Justice Katju The entire system in India is corrupt and destroyed, the need for revolution Justice Katju expects justice from the court, foolish people do justice Katju, from the sentry of India to the minister, corrupt Justice Katju needs revolution in the country
Where is this Sala ticket from Blackia?
The media supporting Kangana is expected that when the JCB comes to break the slums, it will also oppose it…
When Guruji opposed CAA from the platform of Karnataka BJP's C.M.
Sushant Singh Rajput's death in Bihar as an election issue
Patients recovering from corona in Bengaluru suspected of re-infection
Spitting of public places spreads Ovid 19 infection. Spitting in public places is a punishable offense. Via
The luxurious furnishings and world-class interior design in this picture is not a drawing room. It is a Boeing VVIP aircraft bought for the Prime Minister of the country, with its attentiveness and elegance you can guess yourself as a public servant and The watchman is used to saying how much luxury life has become accustomed to. And this aircraft equipped with world class facilities will come to India in the month of August or September, just then Modi ji's foreign tour is on. Boeing VVIP aircraft equipped with all such modern facilities are being bought, which cost around crores of Indians, you will live in the live and watchmen. It is true that how much crocodile was shed before becoming Prime Minister. It was built in false dreams, Sir, now look at what was the reality, what was misleading, wearing a suit of lac, describes himself as a fakir, who uses Japanese food and drink, describes himself as a beggar.
Players enjoying private beach before IPL
The student was studying in class, went to school for practical examination, was returning from school after taking the exam, when a Muslim youth, ambushed outside the school, whose age is being told for almost a year, fast sword Brought, and stabbed the neck of the student. The Muslim youth attacked the Hindu girl with a sword and killed the daughter Shankar Lal Kotma Anoopgarh Madhya Pradesh because she denied her so-called love jihadi love, we Hindus There are so many helpers in the country. How safe are these jihadis in front of them. Blood opens my way
Kangana Ranaut has compared Mumbai to POK, will a case of sedition be filed against her now, will Kangana go to jail or will she be spared according to caste and religion
Is the Corona disaster responsible for the poor GDP figures in the first quarter of the current financial year
Case of suicide of hotel manager, case registered on people including wife, sister-in-law, video made while eating poison, told to wife and family responsible for death, case filed in civil line police station.
If the distance of the shop is up to km, then you have to go on foot.
The Indian government is going to ban the use of urea in farms. Government will stop using urea in farming now
No matter how much Mahesh Bhatt wants to punish your daughter, you will be as much relieved by the fans of Sushant as you are, right now in the trailer, what will happen on the release of Soch film
Explosion of Uddhav Thackeray's BMC army by entering POK destroyed many bunkers of terrorist organizations, including Sangh terrorists,
Big news of the moment
Saying that our fathers ruled for years, Abdul Pancher went away
Why Congressman Rahul Gandhi loses to Modi on every issue
The rising case of Corona and festivals on the other hand, what is your thinking about security
Chandrayaan mission was about to succeed that Modi ji had gone there and disturbed due to which the months of hard work of the scientists was wasted.
Neither devotion nor reverence nor knowledge, management and who goes to the temples wearing their bakhan chappal shoes
As soon as the government should get the Pabji game done, this child is messing with life. Do let the next generation be alive
Orders for MW Solar Rooftop Capacity for Solarizing Stations of More Than Stations, which are under execution
There is no such thing in Kashmir right now, from the picture of the video, it looks like this, after a little trouble, reach Ladakh, you will get complete information;
Every life is precious. The oximeters are all oxygen tested.
The madness towards the Chief Minister of Delhi is such that today the slogans in the World Cup match between India and Pakistan, Jeetga Bhai Jeetga Kejriwal will win…
IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad wrote a letter to Mark Zuckerberg, saying Facebook employees say abusive words to PM Modi
Companies withdrawing placement offers in Korana round, students upset
The past years have proved that the Congress is not a political party .... a hidden Islamic organization ....
Demolition of Kangna's wall is an attack on democracy ... Oh, what democracy was secured by building a wall in front of the poor's house in Gujarat.
The High Court's decision in the Kafeel Khan case exposes the unjust face of the Yogi government. Read carefully, Yogi ji, the High Court said "Kafeel Khan's speech appeals to national unity and integrity" and Yogiji declared Kafeel as a traitor. Turned "shameful"
The way for construction of Bihar's first expressway cleared
Maharashtra tops the graph of infection in the country, IMA said people fear and problem due to lack of hospital, medicine, testing and oxygen
It is a contagious disease that can happen to anyone, so we have to protect ourselves by being careful, cautious. We should adopt the methods of prevention of infection more strongly ACS, Medicine and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Today he went to an electric shop and said give him a Rahul, he immediately gave a tubelight, nowadays it does not take long to get publicized…
This picture touched the heart of Anand Mahindra, he made a special request to Nitin Gadkari via
I talk about the farmers and many things can be said… wait let me say brother
Won't forget, brother, I used to be a staunch supporter of Modi, but these days Sala has become so mind-boggling that only Modi's name started being hated, mother swear
BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar guilty of Unnao rape case got bail from High Court. Now the question arises that if the judge who has given bail, even if the victim was the daughter of the same judge, the judge would have given bail, what the hell is on such judges. He is not a judge but a wolf hidden in the guise of a judge.
Please, for information and necessary action.
The SIT will investigate the matter related to marriage or marriage by conversion.
Expressing deep sorrow over the demise of the Vice President, he said, he adorned the dignity and courtesy of every post he held. With his death India has lost an excellent leader
When has this Rahul Ishwar kamina turned from rightist to leftists, Ravi Srivastava and Sumant Raman have been affected
On the lines of the Kejriwal government, AAP demanded compensation of Rs. 1000 per hectare for crop failure in Seoni.
Now the people of UP Bihar should be shunned from Delhi too. Ramesh Bidhuri BJP MP Ramesh Bidhuri said that now people of UP Bihar should also be shunned from Delhi.
This video is of the recently crashed Ethiopian Airlines. Boom discovered that the viral video is from and shows a Dubai cargo cargo plane crashed in Afghanistan, not the Ethiopian passenger plane that crashed recently. All passengers aboard this plane were killed. Video of recent Ethiopian Airlines crash
Tweet your opinion on Sushant not from justice sponsored interview
The son of Bhaijaan is ... washing the fruits from the drain water and saving clean water. Hindus, buy fruits from this great patriotic environment lover during Navratri fast. Jai Mata Di
An anchor comes and says that a particular community is infiltrating UPSC, can there be anything more deadly than this…
I am with privatization… because Govt in India. Employees take a salary not to work, and bribe to work
Mehul Choksi and Rana Kapoor gave money to Jinesh Shah also gave lakhs of rupees to the foundation BJP FULL PRESS CONFERENCE
In the Mahabharata era, the Pandavas built this tunnel in Bihar, today the locals do farming there.
Salute to Shaurya PM Modi visits Tamil Nadu today, rebels return to state BJP
Honorable Rajya Sabha MP Shri Ranjan Gogoi ji received news of corona getting infected. I pray to the world creator Lord Shri Ram for his health benefits.
For the second time in hours, the infection crosses a thousand
Peaceful Protest, please tell the truth, this is also the case of Delhi Police.
Additional local trains will run in Mumbai to facilitate students during NEETJEE examinations
PM Modi shares this picture, pays tribute to Pranab Mukherjee ... news
Oxymitra campaign continues in various states of the country…
Former President Pranab Mukherjee merged with state honor at Lodhi Road crematorium in Delhi
Drunk, fake nationalists, Kejriwal is of no use. Be careful while voting in the future, the video showing Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal being drunk and stuttering while recording a Facebook live video is fake.
Six of the accused accused confessed to their crime in front of a court.
And the launch, the setup of cameras will be found in the rear for photography
Bollywood home actress Kangana Ranaut given security in Y category
The District Fisheries Department will organize a one-day seminar on saltwater white shrimp fishery in village Thuiyan of Bhattu section on September Wednesday at half past one. The Deputy Commissioner of the program will be Dr. Narhari Singh Bangar.
Mann Ki Baat radio address said that 19 million Kovid patients have been treated for free.
Police report lathi charge on guest professors protesting for similar work in Bihar, demanding equal pay
The gathering of such a large number of people outside Jama Masjid in Bandra is a matter of concern. Who called them if these people came to catch the train to go back home, then why did they not have luggage in their hands
With the coming of the day of assembly elections in Bihar, there is a stir in the Rims and Kelly bungalows of Ranchi.
What are the precautions to be taken in unlock 4
Doctor Manisha Patil died in Mumbai after undergoing treatment for a corona patient. She could not save herself
JEE exam started today, students arrived at the center wearing masks and gloves, someone made a circle for social distancing and traveled km by bike
Fufa, murder of cousin: asked who is the killer raina from Punjab
Some IT Cell people from yesterday have come out against Yogi ji. You have to think about who you are with in the field.
Another big step against lies. Join our WhatsApp chatbats to fight against Fake News and we will tell you the whole truth
The Sitapur AAP MP was stopped by the police, a heavy police force was present in Sitapur, Sanjay Singh, who was returning to Lucknow from Kheri, had gone to mourn the murder of the former MLA, ASP Sitapur MP Singh stopped.
PM Modi is addressing the country on new national education policy
This is the same bastard who once blacked out picture tickets outside the theater.
Farooq Abdullah spoke on the support of Pakistan in the fight for the article, not a puppet in the hands of anyone.
The thousands of years old Shivalinga found in the village of Sahupad near Kanas, at a distance of Km from Kurri Jagannath Dham, has become a matter of curiosity. A farmer who plowed a field has discovered ... This place may have been a place of worship thousands of years ago. Have been
Monsoon session of Parliament, preparations on a large scale in view of epidemic from September
FTSE Apple leads, total market cap of the entire stock exchange via less than
Soon "Sahibji" game will come in place of "Pabji Ji", only "blind devotees" will be able to play it
This is the beauty of our country… On the other hand, Panditji of Banaras is giving gold bricks for the construction of the mosque and here Abdul was plotting to blow the temple with the bomb.
Honda is offering the Activa G scooter for free on the occasion of Diwali.
Corona's shadow on historic Ramlila, two hundred years old tradition will break
If the government bans more than five people to offer prayers in the mosque, then people are ready to give up their lives.
Tomorrow can make a big announcement, what will be launched
This decision will provide a big opportunity to the Indian defense industry to manufacture weapons to meet the requirements of the armed forces by using their own design and development capabilities or by adopting techniques developed by DRDO. Dependencebharat campaign
The luxurious furnishings and world-class interior design in this picture is not anyone's drawing room. This is a Boeing VVIP aircraft purchased for the Prime Minister of the country. How much luxury to call yourself a public servant and a watchman has become accustomed to living a full life is .
If questions cannot be asked in Parliament, then what are the roads for?
Mob lynching incident in front of the police, the police did not even take the crook to the hospital, police appeared helpless in front of angry villagers, double murder in Rampur Bangra of Taraya Sujan.
As the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh ...
Jio Airtel was given a million crore rupees by damaging the country's state-run company BSNL. If BSNL had a G in the year before, it would have been five lakh crores in the coffers of India. Recognized the traitor of the country who visited
Brother-in-law Gyan Baba should go to jail and his support is also lacking due to taking drugs
A high-speed car entered the Janata Cafe at Crawford Market in South Mumbai. Late night, an over speed car became uncontrolled and crashed into the roadside public café. Four people are reported to have been killed in this accident so far.
Sarang has written to Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar expressing concern over the news of 'drug parties' involving film stars.
Indian troops stationed at Siachen Glacier have a temperature of minus degrees Celsius.
Some Shayari in the name of our Pappu, the boat has almost sunk, the Congress has survived to win in the difficult future, beating the clap for Pappu
Untold things about the life of former President Pranab Mukherjee
What the farmer of the country wants, these farmers themselves know that a lowly Kamina like you who can eat the Delhi riots and slaps in the greed of persecution, it is good if they do not talk about the farmer, AAP has opposed every bill of the government. The court decided to divorce the Ram Temple of CAA Yanha to
Corona infection figures exceeded lakh in the country, you will be surprised to know the statistics of new cases
Sahi is speaking, Alia tharki hawasi, the world knows about your father tera father
The social platform through which the BJP came to power and publicized the lies, nowadays, on the same platform, Sahib is getting dislike in bulk. The owner turns time
... While the lowest positives have been found in Hamirpur, percent in Sambhal, percent in Hathras, percent in Baghpat, and percentage in Mahoba, ACS, Medicine and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
The coming breeds will take care of you, whenever you notice them, you have seen Firaq. Gorakhpur born, English, Urdu, Persian scholar Raghupati Sahai Firaq Gorakhpuri was a great poet of Urdu. On the occasion of his birthday, I pay him a humble tribute.
Journalism world benefits from Arnab Goswami as much as Muslims do from Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.
This is Moinuddin of Kerala. He joined JNU. If he was enrolled in BA, MA, MPhil and Phir PhD in the next year, he should have left JNU and started working.
Asked Butler for a funny reply to a fan
Is that why someone wks think that the Delhi Police is doing its job .. so that they should clear their misconceptions by watching this video ..... Question the ones who r b questioned. Media do your job. .
The conversion of Hindus within Hindustan is the migration of Lovejihad Hindu families with Hindu daughters, abuses to Hindu Gods and Gods, how long will it last to play with the culture of Hindus
Tharky brother-in-law .... let's film it now
Neighbors, how did your son's sudden marriage break down .. Father some bastard spread rumors that he is a Congressman
The slogans of Pakistan, Dandabad in Mumbai .. The slogan of Pakistan Zindabad, which is being seen in front of the Minister of Quota of the party in the Thackeray Government, is requested by the Honorable Sir, these Pakistan lovers, traitorous traitors, should be chased out of the country badly ..
Action of Lokayukta raids on the bases of Mineral Officer Pradeep Khanna, Flatmakan was found in Indore, lakh rupees cash and bungalow and two cars were found in Bhopal
Former President Pranab Mukherjee is no more. For several days, former President Pranab Mukherjee was in deep coma. The year-old Mukherjee was put on ventilator and being treated for a lung infection.
The problem of Gunda Gardi is that now Rajya Sabha is not being left out. Which party has been kept as the leader of the sin party, Ray Kaju Sala Kukur should put petrol in the ass.
Asthana is investigating the drinking of hookah, which was accused of corruption, lock in the CBI office, there was a drama in the night, saved because of being a friend of Modi.
Slogans of Bharat Mata ki Jai in the last visit of Special Frontier Force Commando Nima Tenzin ...
Petrol Diesel Price Today
Modiji and when the whole country stands with the army, but two faces are lying abroad, so they say that the son of a foreign mother can never be a patriot.
Indian army was going to air strike in Nepal. However, Nepal's army demolished the aircraft.
Biggest bastard naughty bhadwa swollen one
Sq km on Lac. Possession of China in the area Press Review
Pawan ji, one person used to lie every day and everybody came to know that he lied and when he was speaking the next day that thing was true, but people believed that this brother-in-law was lying, so that the domination of Congress should end Gaya now you rest under the tamarind tree
Slogans of Pakistan Zindabad chanted in Mumbai, that too in front of Minister
Watch Bihar's smart parrot, uses smartphone, watch video of your choice on YouTube Niranjan Singh's report
Kangana Ranautschool College will remain closed for campaigning in Bihar elections
The third round of monthly sero survey will begin today to find out the spread of Ovid 19 in Greece. During this time close samples will be taken.
The equation of Bihar's power, the market of speculation about the results of Bihar assembly elections is hotter than ever
Atrocities on people under Sharia law in West Bengal are mostly unheard of. Atrocities on Hindus in mostly Bangladeshi Rohingya Muslim dominated areas. Where are the bugs of secularism, where is the Constitution of India.
We would be very happy if you had given the same advice to Naseeruddin Shah, Munawwar Rana, Aamir Khan, Javed Akhtar
Get any devotees' netpack recharged. So far no one has counted the benefits of a falling economy. Follow…
Villagers caught and beaten the thief on the goat theft charge, the villagers beat up by tying handpads, the video of the thief beating went viral, the police arrested the accused thief and sent him to jail, Mishrauli village of Sangrampur police station.
Youth hanged in domestic quarrel, elder brother got job in place of father, due to financial constraints, youth was troubled, the case near Lehra road mosque of Soron.
The property acquired by the crime by the vicious criminals, liquor smuggler Golu alias Santosh Yadav and Chandan Yadav, was confiscated for the estimated value of crores of rupees under the order of District Magistrate Jaunpur for making attachment of Section 141 Gangster Act.
Riya went to jail, what is the big deal in this, Sanjeev Bhatt is also in jail, Pragya is in the Parliament, Nirav Modi is in foreign countries.
JDulive.com was preparing for Bhaskar exclusive days, lakhs of visitors before rally
The offering is small. Via Neighbor Bitch
Brothers, call it administration, call it misrule, say it.
Lal of Bihar Jehanabad lost his life on the border of the country, death due to lack of oxygen Ranjit Rajan reports from Jehanabad
Big relief after record increase in new cases
Religion is in danger in Bihar, hurry all blind devotees
Do something that is going astray in the wrong direction, it is misleading your party, in that it is wandering in Bihar in the last year. Force him to answer
India will remain illiterate to become the first country to impose tax on school books, India will become blind devotee only
In the Corona world, Trump said AstraZeneca vaccine reached Phase 3 trial, there will be a million cases in the world.
Never hand over these dogs to the public, see if their status is visible or not ... fuckin wolf ....
Photograph of the last farewell of pregnant palm.
Riya inside, truth will come out. Watch Mahabharata Sucharita Kukreti's YouTube live TV on Republic India
Riya Chakraborty arrives home after interrogation NCB will again inquire: Watch India asks Aishwarya with Republic India
In building self-reliant and modern India, education has great importance. With this thinking, we have succeeded in giving the country a new national education policy after decade. It will connect the students to the root and will also give them full power to make it a global citizen.
India's action against China
GDP may suffer loss of lakh crores this year via
Riya Chakraborty's big confession in front of NCB used to ask for drugs from Shouvik. Watch Riya Sutra on YouTube YouTube Live Republic India
Australian captain Aaron Finch said after the defeat, we have proved a lot in the past months
You have such a big bastard, how can you digest so much street, how thick is your leather. You keep on barking all day, when you have a spoon of Rahul Gandu, where did you get the name of Saram not?
Chandigarh resident Veer Singh was given free ration under the Prime Minister Pribilkyan Yojana which he thanked the government after taking.
If you say anything to your religion, you will not have to respect their religion, if you do not, then be ready for war, leave Hindus divided among castes and prepare for war because we too will not tolerate insult to Hinduism.
Pranab Mukherjee has been struggling to become Prime Minister all his life
Changes in these rules, including investment in banking and stock market since September, will also affect your pocket
Only two easy steps, India can save two lakh lives from Corona via study
Uddav gave the challenge to Rahul. I will take my party ahead of your party.
Hello, humble request to everyone in Bangalore not to leave your house after tonight till morning tomorrow morning. The drug will be sprayed into the air to kill Kovid 19. Share this information with all your friends, relatives and your families in Bengaluru… Thank you
Laser-based instrumentation can help prevent corrosion in a single step of metal surfaces. Description
In the evening, the nation gave tearful farewell to former President Pranab Mukherjee. Funeral in New Delhi with full military honors. India said the Chinese military acted in spite of the ongoing negotiations, and in August in eastern Ladakh.
In investigation, the dark truth of the colored world will be seen. See Mahabharata with Sucharita Kukreti LIVE on Republic India
Thousand crore revenue collection from GST in August
There is a video of terrorists caught at Nagpur's bus stand.
Corona broke the faith in my religion, a fake news is going on in the social media in the name of former Sarsanghchalak of Mohan Bhagwat Rashtriya Sangh. The former Sarsanghchalak has not given any such statement. It is a conspiracy of the powers that break the society to achieve their goals, of society, of anarchy, of chaos and of disintegration of society.
Tight security arrangements for Amarnath Yatra, from armored vehicles to jammers
So far more corona cases have become healthy across the country and sample tests have been done, know what is the situation in the country
Drug dealers name Riya Chakraborty's brother Shauvik in NCB inquiry
The Government of Uttar Pradesh is committed to infrastructure development. We will complete the plans of Purvanchal Expressway, Bundelkhand Expressway, Defense Corridor and Ganga Expressway within the stipulated time.
The order of LG and the Center will be implemented. We have to fight Corona together, not with each other.
Breaking News More lions were left on the streets of Russia to ensure that people were staying indoors during the outbreak of this epidemic. Vladimir Putin almost left lions for people to stay indoors.
This teacher of Prayagraj will get state teacher award for easing the problems of mathematics
A chemical factory in Sikandara area caught fire. No casualties have been reported so far.
East Central Railway will run Intercity trains in Bihar for NEETJEE and NDA candidates. Trains will run between September and September.
To know about the steps that the central government has taken during lockdown to save people's jobs or to give jobs, write the World Guru in response to this tweet. You will see a long list of steps taken by the government.
Yesterday, lakhs of people traveled through buses operated by ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Can corona be avoided by taking antiviral drugs?
Sister Shweta prays for 'Satyagraha' car rally for Sushant in California
After the immense success of Coronavirus, Kangnavirus has knocked in the country.
I am not a BJP worker, but still Modi ji is my honor, Yogi ji is respectful, and Amit ji is proud, and I will never let my honor, honor, pride bend.
VodafoneIdea VodafoneIdea launches new brand Vi VI.
Understand the chronology, the father of Barshi Rambhakta Gopal died years ago. Country's media treasonous media delhi police populism
Sultan Sheikh Mohammed built the first Hindu temple in Abu Dhabi, as promised to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Sultan's wife Begum is going towards the temple with a copy of the Holy Ramayana on her head, and along with Sultan Sheikh Mohammed, Ram Katha Morar Bapu are also seen. Really amazing view. This is a rare picture.
In Uttar Pradesh under Yogi Adityanath, crimes have reduced or increased in Story and Voice for Samiratmaj Mishra, BBC Hindi
This morning an oxygen check operation was carried out in Chenpura, Nappali, Bhadeli villages of Ichhawar Assembly in Sehore district and residents of the same village were also given the responsibility of Oxymatra from the party in each village. . . . .
Look at both the news. When Lalu Yadav got two peacocks in his house, the dock media said everything from declaring anti-animal to protected bird is imprisonment and fine on this violation. Modi ji is feeding peacocks to the peacock and is calling them bird lovers. We have two worlds here.
After five months, the metro will run on track from today, will have to take care of masking distance
Pranab Mukherjee is no more, funeral will be held in Delhi today
Now Japan gives shock to China, will give incentive to companies shifting operations to India
The reality of Chinese tank revealed in tank games
Khadi Mask's Popularity Grown
This is a persecution of Christians in Odisha.
Under the back to village program in Reasi district of Jammu and Kashmir, now the farmers there are making millions of profits every year by cultivating Lemon Grass with the help of the government, after all, see this special report of our correspondent Abhishek Singh from Reasi
Surveillance teams in the state have surveyed the people of the houses through Team Day in areas ACS, Medical and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Silver price rose today, then silver prices started falling sharply, reached via red mark
. Mourned the details of his death
India recorded a recovery recovery rate in the last hours while new cases were reported in the previous hours, deaths were reported
At present, in the banking system, the total outstanding debt of banks is at the level of lakh crores.
The country has received more than normal rainfall in August this year.
Politics of Shiv Sainik is absolutely right, politics should be done only aggressively, why do they lose the rest of the elections, they are contesting the election as an earlier environment, they are giving speeches, they will not win elections in life, at least Shiv Sainik is right in his place like Should be answered in tit language
The jihadist nature of Didi's politics is now bent on destroying Hinduism and culture. See how a religious group attacked a temple in Murshidabad area of ​​West Bengal and destroyed a temple. Embarrassing.
Man suffered heart attack while watching India vs New Zealand match, died
Now CBI will investigate abetment to suicide
Modi ji told the Red Fort that what India can do is shown in Ladakh. Soldier Shahid and China have entered, so what could not have happened in the world like Modi ji who would say amp day and night. The future of this country is in darkness.
Updates on the details of the states / union territories details on new cases, recovery rate recovery and death
Other dignitaries can offer Shraddha Suman from 1.15 am to midday, the general public will be able to pay reverence between 2 pm
Now the time is not far when the temple construction will start in Awadh. And the time is not far when you have to leave our country and run away. Those who kill saints will no longer be saved in India. Hindustan belongs to Hindus, only Hindus will stay here. Run Congressman
As reported yesterday, the Indian Army reacted to this provocative action and took defensive steps in view of the country's interests: the Foreign Ministry over the recent skirmish in Pangong So
Falling economy and rising unemployment
The Muslims beat him up after the police cut the challan. Which is a challenge to the law. This video explains what will happen in India next. Who will run the country And what will be the future of everyone?
Hindus are dead in Bengal, so I don't care Shish Kumar
BJP leader Sanjeev Gupta amp nephew Sachin Gupta has received fake NCE copy books of up to crores on Gajraula, UP. Up to now crores of books have been printed. This is the work of devotees.
For the first time in the history of India, lakhs of Shivalingas were seen in the Sivakasi river in Karnataka due to water scarcity.
More than ₹ 01 thousand maintenance allowance was given to more than one lakh workers by the state government dedicated to the laborers providing relief in the corona epidemic.
Months have passed since the monk was killed .. No action has been taken till date…. Is the justice of the country only for the film stars?
Your mother's Bhosra Madarachod, mother of dogs like you, surely Chodega Modi, your mother and sister Chod Di of Madarchod Randi, do you write madderchod next time thinking about it?
India and Russia have been jointly declared champions of the Chase Olympiad due to the internet problem. For the first time this Olympiad was conducted online. India had never won the Olympiad before.
If you were coming from Surat, did not suffer from hunger on foot. If Corona Media has got free time from Markaz Nizamuddin, then give it a place in your news.
News of Deshduniya in only half an hour in the special bulletin express news of WATCH
साहब कश्मीरी मुसलमानों पर ज़ुल्म बंद कीजिए,
टेलीकॉम कंपनियों को सुप्रीम कोर्ट से बड़ी राहत, सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने बकाया AGR जमा करने के लिए साल का वक्त दिया, टेलीकॉम कंपनियों को बकाये का फीसदी मार्च तक चुकाना होगा
दिनों से घर से लापता युवक का कुएं में मिला शव, परिजनों ने जताई हत्या की आशंका, परिजनों ने कोतवाली में की थी शिकायत, कुलपहाड़ क्षेत्र के भटेवरा गांव का मामला.
Vikrant Messi will be seen opposite Yami Gautam in Ginni Weds Sunny
Put both your sister's front and back together
Shem on You Assam Police. Shame on you Assam Police, this Assam government is doing this to us, below you can see their cruelty, the police are charging sticks, firing rubber bullets while protecting those demons. It is indeed a dark day for Assam. Assam is still burning.
उस जिहादन हीर खान के हिन्दू देवताओं को गाली देने से अभी तक कुछ खतरे में नही आया है ,, लेकिन अगर किसी ने मोहम्मद, आयशा, फ़ातिमा, मरियम, इनका नाम भी ले लिया तो संविधान से लेकर मुसलमान ,, धर्मनिपेक्षता,, सब खतरे में आ जायेगा,
Departmental inquiry started against Ravindra Singh Yadav, Jaichand son Chhotu of Shukulpur Chhatar village made a complaint, accused accused called Jaichand to the police station in a family dispute
राहुल गांधी के लिए जो विशेष विमान उन्होंने उपलब्ध कराया है, उसे अब तक दूसरे देशों से आने वाले प्रधानमंत्री, राष्ट्रपति या किंग को उपलब्ध कराया जाता था. यूनाइटेड अरब अमीरात में पहली बार राहुल गांधी के लिए प्रोटोकॉल टूटने जा रहा है और बिना पीएम बनें राहुल गांधी इस विशेष विमान से नई दिल्ली के लिए रवाना होंगे। यूनाइटेड अरब अमीरात में पहली बार राहुल गांधी के लिए प्रोटोकॉल टूटने जा रहा है और बिना पीएम बनें राहुल गांधी इस विशेष विमान से नई दिल्ली के लिए रवाना होंगे
New education policy, but what did Prime Minister Narendra Modi say
के नए प्रोमो पर मीम्स बन रहे हैं। देखिए...
RelianceFuture deal फ्यूचर ग्रुप के शेयरहोल्डर्स को इस डील से क्या मिला, जानें via
In order to get justice for the country's daughter Sudiksha, the countrymen had demanded stern action against the accused, in the meantime this news has come. The police have arrested the culprits and the bullet that was hit, has also been recovered
Promising students of the country, voice has to be raised to make their future.
Explosion in cylinder while cooking in UP Balrampur, child dies, two injured
Tajinder Singh Bagga has eaten samosas during the hunger strike. Tajinder Bagga sitting on hunger strike did not eat food
Milk has been distributed by Doorstep Delivery Milk Boothman relative to the estimated population of hotspots in the state. ACS, Home & Information, Shri.
The might of the army, China is breathless
बिहार चुनाव नीतीश कुमार की पहली वर्चुअल रैली, बोले कुछ लोग सिर्फ आलोचना करते हैं
A woman sitting on the plane with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, whose identity has not yet been established
The WHO has said that the corona virus is now starting to weaken.
On the basis of interactions with the Chief Ministers and administrative level officials of almost all the states, I assure all the candidates and their guardians that they will be provided all possible assistance. My best wishes for the bright future of all of you
ABPGanga surrender of three brothers of Vikas Dubey treasurer Jai Bajpai in Bikeru case
On the viral photo, it is written that borrowing is closed till Rahul Gandhi becomes Prime Minister.
In lying, in selling the country to my friend industrialist, I robbed a citizen of the country and donated it to my friends, in the world, India pushed India back year after year, if it had got years, India would have turned into a state
Kafeel Khan's speech is not going to incite violence, message of unity HC
कांग्रेस ने की संदीप सिंह के खिलाफ जांच की मांग, BJP से संबंध होने का लगाया आरोप
Shivraj Sarkar's decision will be called as Collector, District Magistrate, designation will not change
Admittedly, she is a prostitute, a bald, bastard bitch ,,,,,,, all, but it is wrong to say so publicly. Everyone, everyone has some respect. Dirty barkha,
Mumbai Police will now provide security to Riya Chakraborty. The police car will escort her. The CBI wrote a letter to Mumbai Police for Riya's safety. It has been said in the letter that Riya should be given protection whenever she comes out of the house.
Hahaha, Mian Ji deemed the police scanning pistol pistol ...
BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar guilty of Nandarepand received court award. Now it arises that even if the judge who had given bail, if the victim was the judge of the same judge, would the judge give bail, is he not a judge but a piece of the system hidden in the guise of the judge.
Dr. Kafeel Khan released from jail
पिछले कुछ ही घंटों में अभिनेता अर्जुन कपूर, पहलवान दीपक पूनिया और कांग्रेस नेता दीपेंद्र हुड्डा के कोरोना पॉज़िटिव होने की ख़बर आई है.
District Agricultural Department organized a farmer scientific interaction program in village Nivajnagar of Mahendergarh district. Dr. Rajpal Yadav told the farmers the right way to take soil samples and made the farmers aware to use manure in the field as per the soil health card.
जानेमाने वकील प्रशांत भूषण को अवमानना में सजा पर सुप्रीम कोर्ट का फैसला थोड़ी देर में आने वाला है।
आरोप है कि एक फ्रॉड ने व्यक्ति से तीन बार वन टाइम पासवर्ड ओटीपी लिया और अकाउंट से लाख गायब हो गए.
CAA NRC NPR का खुला समर्थन करने की वजह से इंदौर में भाजपा नेता तथा हज कमेटी के पूर्व चेयरमैन इनायत हुसैन के चेहरे पर पोती गई स्याही, चप्पलों से हुई पिटाई. धोखा देने वालो के साथ ये सलूक कैसा लगा आप सबको
Priyanka Vadra was laughing at the press conference. Video of Priyanka Gandhi Vadra laughing in a press conference after the Pulwama attack goes viral
Eoin Morgan continued to play despite breaking his finger, made a place in the heart of fans
स्वस्थ बचपन, आजीवन स्वास्थ्य का आधार है। अच्छा स्वास्थ्य समाज और व्यक्ति के जीवन को सुखी व समर्थ बनाते हुए राष्ट्र को विकसित व समृद्ध बनाता है। शिशु, बाल एवं किशोर स्वास्थ्य अभियानों में सभी अपनीअपनी भागीदारी निभाएं। यह पावन कार्य राष्ट्र, व्यक्ति और समाज के हित का कार्य है।
Farmer had spoken to Modi in favor of Modi's three bills. Ensure the bill for us. If the broker of the traitor Rajat Sharma industrialist had to make the bill itself, the bill to be brought in jail for buying less than the MSP was to be brought.
Former President Pranab Mukherjee passed away, state mourning of the day
सितंबर को होने जा रहा कॉमन लॉ एंड एडमिशन टेस्ट  CLAT पोस्टपोन कर दिया गया है। अगस्त को कंसोर्टियम ऑफ एनएलयू ने परीक्षा पोस्टपोन अगस्त को कंसोर्टियम ने दोबारा नोटिफिकेशन जारी कर कहा कि परीक्षा सितंबर की बजाए सितंबर को होगी
Pranab Mukherjee will be remembered for these decisions, from the hanging of Afzalkasab and Yakub
मुंबई के वडाला से चली श्रमिक स्पेशल ट्रेन में समाजवादी पार्टी के विधायक अबु आसिम आजमी की मौजूदगी में पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे का विडियो वायरल हो रहा है।
   क्या अजब तस्वीर बना रखी है देश की, जो मज़लुम हैं उन्हे ज़ालिम ठहराया जाता है, जो गुनहगार हैं उन्हे मज़लुम बताया जाता…
अपने हाथों को स्वच्छ रखें, सुरक्षित रहें बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार।
मुर्गी में कोरोनावायरस होने की पुष्टि हुई है
Story of students forced to take exams under the dreaded circumstances
You can become of any religion but you cannot become a Hindu .. Because a Hindu is not made, a Hindu has to be born…
The crush also knows. We crush her. Sali bastard only eats so much. Chamcho also has a similar situation
Maharashtra government may soon change the ringtone for itself and there will be new ringtones. Remember we have to fight Kangana and not Corona
After Independence, we have made three big mistakes .. We left our primary education to the Christians .. Left the writing of history to the Communists .. And left entertainment to the Mullahs and that is why the untouchable Sanatan And it was presented by making funny .. The time has come for change.
Exclusive center told Madhya Pradesh that rice distributed in lockdown is not fit for humans, feed animals
The Indian government has banned all Chinese apps from the country.
भाई जान तुम लोग का ये हकीकत है तुम भाई जान कभी का भी हो ....पर तरीका ये ही है ..
The sites claimed that Scindia took a contradictory stand against her own party, which has opposed the bill.
Facebook preparations for Myanmar election, wrong information will be attacked
Please inform us about the current situation.
Shiv Sena leader Priyanka Chaturvedi expresses displeasure over providing Y security to
In India, the business of Chor Bazaar is also done by peacekeepers. This is the famous Chor Bazaar from Mutton Mohammed Ali Rod in Mumbai. The Chor Bazaar in Chandni Chowk of Delhi is Pudupet Chor Bazaar in Chennai. The market is
Those who did not believe in the existence of Shri Ram, now they are getting an idea of ​​the power of Shri Ram. Even those who talk about Rome are starting to ram Rama. These people have come to know that now the name of Ramayana is to be crossed. Shri Ram's name is welfare in every situation. Jai Siyaram
Ajatshatru of politics, troublemaker for Congress, then Pranab da was the guide for opposition leaders
आपराधिक घटनाओं को अंजाम देने के लिए भाड़े पर हथियार देने वाले गिरोह का पर्दाफाश, पुलिस ने कई सप्लायरों को दबोचा
Special Edition  न्यूज़ चैनल के नाम पर कब तक चलेगा थियेटर
   जातिवाद में उलझते रहे इसलिए कांग्रेस व अन्य पार्टी देश को लूटते रहे, अब जातिवाद छोड़कर हिंदू होकर वोट करें, राष्ट्रवादी सर…
चमचे की आत्मकथा   नून रोटी खायेंगे चमचागिरी मे जिंदगी बितायेंगे। बाप चमचा खुद चमचा बच्चों को भी चमचा बनायेंगे. भक्तो से अनुरोध है चमचो को ज्यादा ना पेले
Riya and Shovik were questioned for four hours, the first round of questioning ended
पुलिस और बदमाशों के बीच मुठभेड, हजार का इनामी गिरफ्तार, आधा दर्जन से ज्यादा मुकदमों में था फरार, पहिया वाहनों को रोककर करता था लूट, शाहजहांपुर, लखीमपुर पुलिस की संयुक्त कार्रवाई
देश जातिवादी दंगे करवाने की कोशिस करता एक ्रहामण
देशद्रोही मीडिया को नही दिखता की गलवान में फिंगर से तक चीन कब्जा कर बैठा है। अरुणांचल में आज लोगों को चीनी अगुआ कर ले गए। सुशांत का आत्म हत्या ही राष्ट्र है।
Anurag Kashyap is now saying that I did not sexually abuse Payal Ghosh, then Anurag Kashyap would prove to you that you had tied Rakhi to Payal Ghosh. Sala used to talk a lot. , Also spoke a sieve containing thousands of holes.
हिंदी बहुत ही शक्तिशाली भाषा है । जैसे ही पत्नियां कहती हैं  हिंदी में समझाऊं क्या   तुरंत सारे पति समझ जाते हैं ।   आप सभी को  हिंदी दिवस की शुभकामनाएं
न्यूज़ एजेंसी आईएएनएस इंडोएशियन न्यूज़ सर्विस ने हाल ही में एक लेख मे दावा किया की पाकिस्तान के प्रधानमंत्री इमरान खान ने कोरोनावायरस के ग्राफ़ में मौजूद कर्व की समानांतर होने की बात कही जहाँ उन्होंने कर्व को ही ग़लत तरीके से उल्टा पढ़ लिया 
Aamir Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Saif Khan understand that they cannot congratulate the construction of Ram temple because they are Muslims but why Amitabh Bachchan and many other Hindu actors did not congratulate Hindus for the construction of Ram temple.
The MP government has decided to allot an acre of land in Maharajpura, Gwalior to DRDO. My heartfelt thanks to the Chief Minister for this decision taken in the interest of Gwalior. After this decision of the government, no property of Gwalior will be damaged.
   दिल्ली में रोज कोरोना मरीज चार हजार संक्रमित हो रहे है फिर भी मीडिया में झूठ क्यों बोला जा रहा है कि दिल्ली में कोरोना…
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shouts slogans for women's rights from Red Fort, the Supreme Court is issuing an inquiry order for Sushant Singh Rajput's death, but JNU student Najeeb is missing, his mother has been screaming for justice for years, Rohit's mother Radhika When will Vemula get justice
And only the legendary players like me can be replaced by the legendary players like Suresh Raina. I will also make the atmosphere colorful by putting cheer on the cheerleaders.
मोदी जी ने इतना पुख़्ता काम कर दिया है कि अगली बार जो भी सत्ता में आएगा, देश का कुछ नहीं बेच पाएगा 
An NGO has launched a mobile application called Kama Aaya for skilled, unskilled workers.
सारे बेरोजगार अरबपति खानदान से नहीं है जो उसे आईपीएल देखने देगी मांबाप उसे ताना और डांट मार के रोजगार ढूंढने की बात करती रहेगी मां बाप केवल रिचार्ज करने के लिए पैसा नहीं रहेगी तो आईपीएल कहां देखेंगे
In the viral post, it is being claimed that Modi's mother Hiraben ji became happy when Asad Asaduddin Owaisi said that justice should be done before Modi with his wife Jashoda Ben.
देखिए अहम ख़बरें   पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी को दी गई अंतिम विदाई  पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी को श्रद्धांजलि  विश्व के नेताओं ने प्रणब दा को किया याद  जेईई मेन्स की परीक्षा शुरू  कोविड19 स्वस्थ होने की दर करीब  
Telecom companies get relief from SC, what will be the effect on mobile tariff via
List of highlights from an interview by Aditya Puri, CEO and MD, HDFC Bank. There are several points of the message by Puri in which he explained why India will win the battle against Coronavirus and why it will be successful in getting out of this epidemic.
भोपाल में मुकेश सूरी जी ने हसीना नामक मुस्लिम नौकरानी को काम पर रखा और नौकरानी ने अपने इस्लामी मज़हब के अनुसार आचरण करना शुरू कर दिया अपने थूक और पेशाब से बना कर खिलाती थी खाना
After Maharashtra, flats become cheaper in Madhya Pradesh, Shivraj government reduced stamp duty rates
The government has banned the process of new recruitment.
मप्र सरकार ने अगस्त से प्रदेश में लागू हर रविवार को लॉकडाउन संबंधी आदेश आज निरस्त कर दिया है। अब रविवार को लॉकडाउन नहीं रहेगा।
Facebook's political discrimination, now Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad's letter to Zuckerberg, said Facebook employees abuse PM Modi
Seven people have died due to an explosion in a firecracker factory in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu. Four people are seriously injured. According to the police, the cracker factory owner has also died in this accident. The injured have been admitted to the nearest hospital.
This young scientist from Bihar waved India's glory abroad, surprised by making petrol from garbage
खुले मे तो तु हग रही है काँग्रेसी कुतिया
Omar Khalid's brother is Anurag Kashyap. When Omar Khalid goes to jail, the crook Anurag Kashyap was very angry .. Now that same bastard has an actress accused of rape, now he will also go to jail with his brother Khalid .. This leftist Goons, rioters, rapists, terrorists, traitors are all brothers ...
When you spit in public places, you also endanger the health of others. Spitting taboo, health earned. Change your behavior, attack Corona.
Today I will discuss with you guys on Facebook and Twitter on unemployment and declining economy.
One user wrote, "This is always the wrong information." Another wrote, "Don't do any mind, I'm just practicing to disliked videos." The third user wrote, "We want employment, not jumla."
महाराष्ट्र के बीजेपी नेता अशोक तनेजा अपनी बेटी को बन्दूक दिखाकर करता था बलात्कार बेटी ने दर्ज कराई FIR बीजेपी वाले अपने बेटी को नहीं छोड़ते तो आपकी मां बहन को कहां छोड़ेंगे भारतीय संस्कृति में इज्जत भी एक चीज होती है
चीनियों को ऐसी भारतीय इलीट फोर्स का सामना करना पड़ा जिसे अब तक चीनियों ने देखा ही नही था ना ही चीनियों को कोई जानकारी ही थी अभी लड़ाई के समय ऐसी फोर्स निकलेगी जो सीधा बीजिंग में नजर आएगी..
मॉब लिंचिंग मामले में आरोपि़ों को पुलिस ने किया गिरफ्तार, आरोपियों के खिलाफ पुलिस मे दर्ज किया मुकदमा, आंवला क्षेत्र में हुई थी मॉब लिंचिंग।
नाबालिक बच्चा अगर पेट के लिए काम करें तो वह  बाल अपराध है और पैसे वाले का बच्चा अगर सीरियल में काम करे तो है बाल कलाकार है वाहे रे कानून 
Indian languages, arts and culture have been given priority in this education policy. This will develop creative ability in the students and increase the strength of Indian languages. This will help in maintaining the unity of our country with diverse languages ​​intact.
सितंबर से देश भर में वीं से वीं के छात्रों के लिए स्कूल खुल जाएंगे। केंद्रीय गृह मंत्रालय ने अगस्त को अनलॉक4 की गाइडलाइंस जारी की थीं। इस गाइडलाइंस में ही स्कूल खोलने की अनुमति दी गई है।
This is a latest video of Jammu and Kashmir on 16 August, in the suburbs of Srinagar where the Indian Army used detained Kashmiri boys as human shields to stop the boys shouting anti-India slogans and brave soldiers abused them Giving said, now throw stones.
While doing justice, Yogi has never seen caste and religion, whose crime has been punished by him, the total encounter killed in Yogi Raj, the total encounter, it is the good governance of Yogi ji, the criminals are roaming with a plank to spare us Earlier criminals used to get an open exemption.
ये वर्तमान कि सत्यता है कोरोना महामारी कि आड़ मे भ्रष्टाचार, अंग तस्करी चरम पर...
सैनिक की मौत से जिस देश के प्रधानमंत्री की लोकप्रियता बढ़ी हो, उस देश को बर्बाद होने से कोई नहीं बचा सकता… रतन टाटा द्वारा किया गया ये ट्वीट सैनिक की मौत से जिस देश के प्रधानमंत्री की लोकप्रियता बढ़ी हो, उस देश को बर्बाद होने से कोई नहीं बचा सकता...
का विरोध करने वालों को दंगाईयों से क्यों जोड़ रही है साहब जवाब दें। ंगों से जुड़ीं FIR कॉपियाँ आख़िर क्यों देना नहीं चाहती  साहब जवाब दें।
ने कहा कोरोना से लड़ सकती है मेरी बॉडी
The action of the Lokayukta, during the raids in Bhopal, the mineral officer Pradeep Khanna, who was seen feeding tea with the Lokayukta police, said that the assessment is being done.
स्कूल जाने वाले छात्र किस तरह की सावधानी रखें    
शिक्षक दिवस पर जी5 ला रहा इस सीजन की सबसे अनोखी फिल्म, संगीत के शागिर्द सुनाएंगे पुराना किस्सा
Y कैटेगरी की सिक्योरिटी के साथ मुंबई जाएंगी कंगना रनौत, संजय राउत से विवाद के बीच मोदी सरकार ने दी सुरक्षा
The bowlers of Team India performed amazingly throughout the tournament. It is difficult to say that after four years, such a bowling unit will be seen again. Read senior sports journalist's blog
   कंगना का घर टूटा तो सब बेईमान बिलबिलाने लगे जब मजदूर बिना चप्पल के सड़क पर चल रहा था तब किसी की आवाज आई थी क्या
Discussing with the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh under the chairmanship of the Union Minister Shri Ji through video conference on the subject of water life mission.
 पितरों के प्रति श्रद्धा व्यक्त करने का अवसर है पितृपक्ष, जानें क्या है महत्व
The wait is over, Taj Mahal and Agra Fort will open from September
The Vice President has asked to take special care and care of the elderly during the epidemic. The health system needs to be revived to take care of the specific needs of the elderly population.
   वालीवुड वालों ने गद्दार हिजड़ो की फौज बना रखी है क्या  कंगना के स्पोर्ट में वॉलीवुड का  कोई  भी भाड़ नही आया   यह सब…
A large game of human organ trafficking is being played in the corona's eyes, in which the governance media can be the meal of all.
ये तालिबानी भीड़ या अफ़ग़ानिस्तान या ाकिस्तान की नही है ये ीड़Indiaउत्तरप्रदेश के ़तेहपुर की है और यहाँ संविधान का नही ीड़ का ़ानून चलता है।पत्नी के हत्या।आरोपी को पीटपीट कर ार डाला।ये जो तमाशा देख रहे हरामखोरदोगलेभड़वेकुत्ते सबसे बड़े हिजड़े है
धमाके और कोरोना से उबर रहे लेबनान के नए प्रधानमंत्री बने मुस्तफा अदीब
The accused has been living in Vrindavan on tourist visa for the past several years
मध्यप्रदेश के दमोह में रेलवे ट्रैक के किनारे महिला मृत पड़ी है, शिशु पुत्र स्तनपान करने की कोशिश कर रहा है 
Dragon flared up after repelling Chinese troops at Pangong Lake. Threat to teach India a lesson
Gold continues to fall, golden opportunity to shop via
This is Irfan Khan's last hospital picture. The sad
Biyani family started with Mainz Wear, had to sell the business through a debt of crores
एजुकेशन की फर्जी डिग्री रखने वाले लोग जब एजुकेशन सिस्टम को बदलने लगें तो समझ जाइए देश सुरक्षित हाथों में है।
   जब दिल्ली में जेएनयू के छात्रों को मारा जा रहा था.. तब मोटा भाई ने पुलिस प्रशासन को यूनिवर्सिटी के अंदर जाने की इजा…
C  कमीनी O  ओछी N  नग्न G  गांड़ू R  रखैल अंग्रेजो की E  इस्लामीक S  सेक्सलाम S  शरिया कानून की पक्ष लेने वाली पार्टी 
हिंदुओं के प्रति महाराष्ट्र सरकार बहरी हो चुकी है जल्द ही एक बड़े आंदोलन की घोषणा होनी चाहिए
. विधायक का जो वीडियो सामने आया है, उस वीडियो में विधायक बिहार की स्वास्थ्य व्यवस्था को लेकर कई सवाल उठा रहे हैं. वे कह रहे हैं कि पीएमसीएच में उनकी बीमार मां का इलाज सही तरीके से नहीं किया जा रहा है.
भाजपा का घोषणा पत्र सिर्फ चुनाव के लिए नहीं, बल्कि समृद्ध और विकसित राष्ट्र के लिए  राम मंदिर का संकल्प पूरा  अनुच्छेद और A अमान्य  तीन तलाक हटाकर मुस्लिम महिलाओं को सम्मान प्रधानमंत्री श्री जी के नेतृत्व में देश बदल रहा है।
One is named Pooja and the other is Mansi, and it is alleged that both of them were wearing slogans of burqa and shouting slogans of Pakistan Zindabad in the crowd of women sitting against the CAA, NRC and NPR near Ghanta Ghar in Lucknow. It is not right to discredit Muslims for fooling.
Terrorists craving weapons in Jammu and Kashmir
Rahul Gandhi's meeting with the migrant laborers was not sponsored or pre-planned. After meeting the migrants, he asked Congress workers to arrange vehicles so that the migrants could return to their homes. Jazpakas
जो कुतिया की चाल चलेगी, वो कुतिया की मौत मरेगी.
Motivational Story of a Photographer Read the world's only photographer to reach the deepest, longest and largest cave in the world
मोदी जी का चीन पर हमला Pubg समेत चीनी एप्स बैन किये चीनियों ये मोदी जी है मनमोहन जी नही बच के रहना..
See the real face of Hindutva. The Hindutva police attacked the peaceful protesters. One person was knocked unconscious by police violence and the Hindutva police is still beating the unconscious person.
जो यहाँ पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे लगाते है सोचा उनको दिखा दूं पाकिस्तान का कॅरोना आइसोलेशन वार्ड चले जाओ पाकिस्तान वही सही है तुम्हारे लिए गद्दारो देख लो पकितस्तान  ।।। जय श्री राम।।
आपदा से निपटने के लिए जनपद एवं राज्य स्तर पर आपदा नियंत्रण केन्द्र की स्थापना की गई है राहत आयुक्त, श्री संजय गोयल जी
In which it is written, Kashgar's stone-makers would have learned something from these young people. Indian Army.
तुमने अब तक फिल्म में भी काम नहीं की है तुम्हारे पास हजारों करोड़ की प्रॉपर्टी कहां से आई इतनी शान शौकत से जिंदगी किस इनकम से कट रही है सफाई दे देश को
UP: Police thieves gang up in police in Bahraich, motorcycle recovered
सुशांत के परिवार पर अब किसका कीचड़ पर ट्वीट कर दें अपनी राय Watch LIVE 
OnePlus T की कथित तस्वीर लीक, मिली डिज़ाइन की झलक
मामला डिप्रेशन को लेकर तैयार की गई थ्योरी से संतुष्ट नहीं है CBI, दिशा सालयान की मौत को लेकर भी की पूछताछ की रिपोर्ट
तेज वृद्धि के साथ भारत में करोड़ से अधिक ोरोना जांच ोविड19 के कुल मामलों में से  अकेले राज्यों महाराष्ट्र, आंध्र प्रदेश और कर्नाटक में दर्ज किए गए
Human organ trafficking may occur
भारत एक लोकताँत्रिक देश है यहाँ संविधान के मुताविक सरकार जनता द्वारा पाँच साल के लिए चुनी जाती है। कोरोना महामारी की आड़ में श्री रंजन गोगोई जी ने यह कहकर भारतीय संविधान व लोकतंत्र का अपमान किया है कि भारत में दस वर्ष तक चुनाव न हों और मोदी जी ही दस वर्ष तक भारत के प्रधानमंत्री बने रहें, इसके लिए श्री गोगोई ने चुनाव में पैसा खर्च होने की बात कही है उनकी पोस्ट नीचे संलग्न । सोचिए ये वही श्री रंजन गोगोई है जो अभी कुछ समय पहले तक भारत की सर्वोच्च अदालत के मुख्य न्यायाधीश पद से सेवानिवृत्त होकर भाजपा द्वारा राज्यसभा के साँसद मनोनीत किए गये है,इन्हे साँसद बनवाने के लिए भारत के राष्ट्रपति महोदय ने अपनी स्पेशल शक्तियों का उपयोग किया था।
Please complain to the District Magistrate of your district or the concerned SDM.
Where did you fall, Modi has given this post to a woman like you, so that you continue to be a shameless woman for those people.
Where is the giant whale shark in India
Respected PM Shri Ji has done important work to save and make childhood healthy through the programs of National Health Mission. During the global epidemic like Kovid 19, programs related to health and family welfare have been progressively pursued.
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की फिल्म ‘छिछोरे’ के एक वर्ष पूरा करने पर फिल्म निर्माता नितेश तिवारी और उनके साथी कलाकारों ने उन्हें श्रद्धांजलि अर्पित की है.
बिहार मुजफ्फरपुर के बाद गया में चमकी बुखार का प्रकोप, दिनों में आठ बच्चों की मौत
There was a fierce dispute in the sides, a minor dispute took the form of a bloody struggle, the dabangas attacked with sticks and knives, the people injured in the knifeing, the Muradpur Nizamsar case in the countryside.
्जीवाड़ा से लेकर तक अरिंदम चौधरी के से लाखो छात्रों को फर्जी डिग्री बांट लूटा गया..जबकि इंस्टिट्यूट मान्यता प्राप्त था ही नही मौनमोहन के समय तक बेधड़क चलने वाला IIPM, मोदी Govt आने पर बंद कर दिया गया IIPM की फर्जी चमक में अरिंदम को SRK का भी भरपूर साथ मिला
अरे अरे उच्चतम कोटि के गंडमारे तू बतेगा अब कि ब्राह्मण हटा लु और लगा लु । कमलेश तिवारी के हत्यारे पकड़े जा चुके है । सारा आत्याचार ब्राह्मण पे ही तो हो रहा है बस सारा न्याय हमे ही चाहिए। तू वहीं चिलबिली आजाद कूतिया की तरह है जिसे कोई भी पेल के चला जाता है। आजादी मुबारक हो
RSS BJP goons in police uniform hiding in a face in Jamia College
ुजनोंकाशासनलायेंगे भारत में संत बताएं ब्रह्मचारी बताएं गेरुआ वस्त्र पहने के लिए कानून बननी चाहिए जो गेरुआ वस्त्र धारण करेंगी ब्रह्मचारी बताएं उसे पेशाब करने की रास्ता काट ली जाएगी काटने के बाद ही ब्रह्मचारी या गेरुआ वस्त्र पहनने की अनुमति दी जाए क्या मेरी दोनों मान गलत है
I used to get petrol and diesel of BS standard, and now BS6 standard petrol and diesel is available all over the country, which is the higher standard of petrol and diesel. And this is a very big initiative to fight against pollution. central minister
पार्टी नेताओं को कांग्रेस का संदेश, बंद करें बयानबाजी हाईकमान कर रहा चिंतन
 LAC पर बढ़ा तनाव चीन से निपटने के लिए एक्शन मोड़ में डोभाल और राजनाथ
It was being investigated for Sushant's death, and "arrest" is happening for drinking "hookah",
Its foundation was also weak like the government, which rested on others.
पहले रोता रहता था मोदी बोलने नही देते, और जब संसद चलती है तो दो दिन पहले देश से भाग जाता है। है न पक्का नौटँकीबाज 
क्या सुरेश रैना का चेन्नई सुपरकिंग्स के साथ सफर खत्म हुआ मिल रहे हैं ऐसे संकेत
बिहार चुनाव बीजेपी अध्यक्ष जे पी नड्डा सांसदों संग करेंगे चुनावी रणनीति पर मंथन
मंत्रालय के वैज्ञानिक पैनल के कुछ व्यक्ति, कोरोना की एक कथित दवाई की स्वीकृति पर रोक लगा रहे हैं।
जिस दिन मैं जेल गई उस दिन तुम्हारी बीजेपी आर एस एस की अंत की शुरुआत हो जाएगी
राम मंदिर निर्माण में हुई देरी के दोषी वो हिन्दू भी है, जिन्होंने में अटलजी को न चुन के भूरी चाची को चुना था।
विश्व के सबसे बड़े राजनीतिक संगठन की इकाई के सभी नवनामित पदाधिकारियों को बधाई। नए भारत के निर्माण के स्वप्न को साकार करने में आप सभी की भूमिका अत्यंत महत्वपूर्ण है। दायित्व निर्वहन की कसौटी पर आप सभी सतत खरा उतरें, आपके उद्देश्य फलित हों, मेरी शुभकामनाएं
UNGA को संबोधित करेंगे पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी 
Talked on condition of not revealing his identity. Said, "I enjoy going to great people. I came to see why a celebrity was killed. I am a social worker. " Cooper does not work in the hospital, entering himself in the postmortem room, claiming to be an employee.
गोमांस कुतिया नहीं लकड़बग्घे खाते हैं, और यह लकड़बग्घी लग रही है
पतंजलि की कोरोनिल दवा को आयुष मंत्रालय की अनुमति मिल गई है।
For the Indians suffering from the Corona virus epidemic, now bad news has come from Malaysia.
During the lockdown, full refund of air tickets booked will be refunded via
NDRF NDRF team took over command in Reshanabad, Madhya Pradesh
विराट कोहली या आरोन फिंच में से कौन होगा आरसीबी का ओपनर टीम निदेशक ने दिया मजेदार जवाब
I have voted for the Congress, I was afraid that the same recording has come in the market and do not even talk about voting for the Congress with fun or else watch the video
गिरफ़्तार किए गए चार आरोपियों में से तीन शिव, नवीन और चेन्नाकेशवुलु मुस्लिम समुदाय से नाबालिग हैं और पुलिस ने उन्हें झूठी हिंदू पहचान दी है।
Give the first bread in the morning to the cow and the second bread to the dog and if the dog cannot be found, give it to a Congress spoon.
Can you Tweet your opinion of Sushant's life?
आरएसएस युवाओं ने दलित ईसाई महिला पर हमला किया था। एक महिला को निर्वस्त्र कर सड़क पर घुमाया जा रहा है।
Local for vocal effect, indigenous battles being made in Karnal for Deepawali
Please let us know the action taken.
Kaun Banega's opener Mike Hewson gave this answer
Will not be part of England's team in the last T20 match that will be a failure for the Australian team in the first two matches
Listen to what the owner of the medicine store from where Sushant had bought medicines, see this report.
The Union Health Ministry has made it clear that it has not issued any guidelines regarding wearing masks of people driving cars alone. Union Health Secretary Rajesh Bhushan said that it is important to wear masks while cycling and jogging in the group.
This phone has a Snadpragon Plus processor and Hz refresh rate.
कपिल शर्मा शो में नजर आएंगे कलम के बाहुबली, ने शेयर की शूटिंग सेट की झलक
. Congratulations to the working partner Mr. Ranveer Singh Rawat, Mr. Harishankar Khatik, Mr. Sharatendu Tiwari, Mr. Bhagwandas Sabnani, Ms. Kavita Patidar on being appointed as the General Secretary of the Ministry. I am sure that all of you will serve the party and the state with full dedication and dedication. My best wishes are with you
मुगलों की सारी कारीगरी हिंदुस्तान में दिखी बाकी जिस अरब देशों में उनके बाप दादा पैदा हुए थे वहां उनके गांव में घुसी हुई थी। उस समय सारी अर्थव्यवस्था हिन्दू किसानों पर निर्भर था वो किसान हजारों वर्षों की गुलामी में भी कभी आत्महत्या नहीं की साल के चमचा राज के बाद लाखों हर साल
Police arrested goat roaming without a mask in Kanpur After hearing this news, the fear of goats in the goats again fueled the purchase of masks, some sources revealed that now goats are looking for paper. If the goons are not able to take the demand, now they are catching the goat.
शिक्षा मंत्री रमेश पोखरियाल ने वर्चुअल बैठक में कहा कि भारत शिक्षा प्रणाली में सुधार और बदलाव की दिशा में किये गये प्रयास जारी रखेगा और कोविड महामारी से उपजी बाधाएं कम करने के प्रयास करेगा।
बस क्विज खेलें और इनामी राशि जीतने का मौका पाएं gt CLICK HERE 
China's gurus crushed, obeyed infiltration of Galvan after eating mouth from India
National President of Bharatiya Janata Party addresses Jharkhand State Executive meeting
Split oil lantern washed oil. Ninth failed to give job.
   ये तो आप बात है जो सबको पता है रेसिडेंशियल एरिया में कमर्शियल काम नहीं कर सकते इसके लिए जमीन को कमर्शियल कन्वर्ट करवाना…
 रिया चक्रवर्ती से आज फिर डीआरडीओ गेस्ट हाउस में पूछताछ कर रही है सीबीआई
विडियो कॉन्फ्रेंसिंग से केंद्रीय मंत्री ने नवसृजित पटना साहिब डाक प्रमंडल, नवसृजित लोहियानगर प्रधान डाकघर एवं खुसरुपूर उप डाकघर भवन का लोकार्पण किया नवसृजित पटना साहिब डाक प्रमंडल के अंतर्गत आते हैं प्रधान डाकघर, उप डाकघर एवं शाखा डाकघर
Sushant caught in Riya's drugs circle, see Mahabharata with Sucharita Kukreti LIVE on Republic India this evening
गुंडा है साला
मोदी तेरे राज में यूनिवर्सिटी टॉपर भी खेती करते हैं शर्म करो मोदी सरकार
Today, Mandal president of Jabalpur leader Subhash Chandra Bose, Nasir Khan alias Guddu Bhai, took membership from the hands of the state organization minister.
Look at what Islam teaches, from jihad to terrorists and riots to women who steal clothes under the garb of stolen burqas
Children of government schools in Uttar Pradesh will now read NCERT books from next academic session 202122.
कांग्रेस के संकटमोचक रहे बीचबीच में पार्टी को झटका देते भी रहते थे, लेकिन इसके बाद भी उनकी हैसियत कम नहीं हुई. इस वजह से प्रणब दा से नाराज हो गई थी....
Huge fire in a wooden house in Kullu, loss of millions
Sonu Sood became hero for Varanasi, rationing for sailor families
Not only is the punk, this dog is also a bastard
Dr Kafeel Khan, arrested in anti-CAA demonstration, came from Gorakhpur Oxygen case
चमचे साल में एक अध्यक्ष नहीं ढूंढ पाए. और भक्तो ने साल में तक के होने वाले प्रधानमंत्री ढूंढ रखे है..
तेज प्रताप यादव ने कहा कि बाढ़ की वजह से लोगों का हाल बेहाल है, लेकिन बिहार सरकार और मुख्यमंत्री नीतीश कुमार नींद की गोली खाकर सो रहे हैं...
उच्चतम न्यायालय ने दूरसंचार कंपनियों को एजीआर का बकाया चुकाने के लिए साल का दिया समय, दूरसंचार कंपनियों को एजीआर का प्रतिशत बकाया अगले साल मार्च तक चुकाने का दिया निर्देश Read More 
कोरोना से नही मोदी जी के फैसले से अर्थव्यवस्था बर्बाद हुई।नोटबन्दी, GST amp लॉकडाउन सरकार निर्मित आपदा है। GDP गिरी amp आज़ाद भारत मे पहले बार ऐसा हुआ।
एक कमीना कम हों जाएगा
भगौड़े कारोबारी नीरव मोदी के प्रत्यर्पण पर लंदन वेस्टमिंस्टर कोर्ट में सुनवाई। जज ने नीरव के वकील की उस याचिका को खारिज कर दिया जिसमें उन्होंने प्रेस को सुनवाई से दूर रखने की मांग की थी।
Poco M2 will have four rear cameras and mAh battery
चीन ने शब्दों की चाशनी से बनाया बहाना... सीमांकन न होने से हमेशा बनी रहेगी समस्या
Due to lack of boundaries, there will always be problems with Chinese Foreign Minister
तेरी करतूत तो ऐसी थी कि तुझमें संसद में ही जूते मारने थे गुंडे साले
Even this jhumka did not fall, as young as Bareilly's market, Modi became unemployed under your rule
If you want to become a Bhagat Singh Sukhdev Rajguru, why should you become a blind devotee, go to Russia repeatedly and talk about compromise with China by adding Russia's hands and feet, dust the dust in the eyes of the country, don't be ashamed of the country. Do not resign if you do not need
I was told that discussions were held with more than 2.5 lakh gram panchayats, local bodies and districts for the construction of
The goons should have killed the shoes, what is the job of such a goon in Parliament, who is a tickler?
After examining the oxygen level of Maihar subdivisional officer Shri Suresh Agrawal and city inspector Shri Devendra Chauhan Ji, AAP Maihar started the Oxy Mitra Campaign under the leadership of District Organization Minister.
यूट्यूब की भांति ट्विटर पर भी डिस्लाइकका आप्शन होना चाहिए...... • तब आयेगा मजा . भैंचो कुछ तो ट्वीट करना ही भूल जाएंगे
राष्ट्रीय स्वयंसेवक संघ आरएसएस और बजरंग दल के सदस्यों ने उनकी हत्या करने की कोशिश की है ।
 आज फिर NCB के सामने रिया की पेशी, सुशांत के दोस्त संदीप सिंह ने तोड़ी चुप्पी
The central government has released guidelines regarding the unlock, which will be applicable from September. Restrictions in the Containment Zone will remain in force until September.
कोरोना की वजह से बोधगया और गया धाम में पसरा है सन्नाटा, पितृपक्ष में पिंडदानियों से रहता था गुलजार
पीएम के तमिलनाडु दौरे को लेकर ट्विटर पर छिड़ी जंग, लोगों ने कहा
Big news Corona virus vaccine ready. Able to cure the patient within hours after injection. Salute to the scientists of America. Just now, Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday and that millions of doses are ready.
Since the lockdown commenced in March, it has so far transported and transported lakh tons of grain through rail racks, lakh trucks to lakh tons of grain and water vessels via rail racks.
पुणे के कोविड अस्पताल के मरीजों के परिजनों की शिकायत है कि मरीजों को ना ही उचित इलाज मिल रहा है ना सुविधाएं मिल रही हैं। देखिए की अन्य वीडियो
‘मोदी ने अर्थव्यवस्था को जर्जर किया’  जीडीपी पर क्या बोले विदेशी अख़बार
Inayat Hussain was welcomed in Indore. Watch the video. You must have seen such a welcome for the first time.
भारत में हर रोज़ कोरोना के रिकॉर्ड तोड़ मामले सामने आ रहे हैं. कुल मामले लाख से ज़्यादा हो चुके हैं.
दिल्ली के कोरोना की लड़ाई में मिल रही सफलताओं पर, चीन के साथ चल रहे टेंशन पर और राजस्थान में हो रही भ्रष्ट व अनैतिक राजनीति के संदर्भ में मैंने नवभारत टाइम्स से बातचीत की। जरूर पढ़ें।
दिनों के अंदर भारत में लॉन्च हुए ये नए स्मार्टफोन्स, कीमत रुपये से शुरू, जानें खासियतें
Was uprooted in Shaheen Bagh. The rate there was being fixed.
Whatever happened between me and the nuns is not rape. To realize the existence of this holy Jesus is the ritual of enlightenment by Bishop Franco Mulakkal, accused of rape.
He should be punished but never even think to come out and send him to jail
एक कहावत है हमारे यहां , चोर को कुतिया मिल ही जाती है 
Congress leaders express regret over Pranab Mukherjee joining RSS program
जिंदगी की भीख मांगते चीन के वूहान शहर के ये लोग अपने घरों से चीखकर गिड़गिड़ा रहे हैं. इलाज, मदद की बजाय इन्हें घरों में बंद कर दिया गया है. चीन के लोगों की ये चीखें सदियों तक विश्व समुदाय का पीछा करेंगी. कोरोना वायरस चरम की तरफ बढ़ रहा है. भारत को तत्काल तैयारी में जुटना होगा।
Some brothers are asking why Rahul Gandhi Sonia Gandhi goes abroad to cure, Hey brother, people who are born foreigners go overseas…
Some pictures of the ongoing Oxygen Testing Campaign across the state.
दिल्ली में पहली बार पेट्रोल हुआ पार, जानिए आपके शहर में क्या हो गई नई कीमत via
Metro train starts from today in Unlock 4, Metro service started in Delhi after days, the first train running on the Yellow Line said people will save money and time.
   गीता में लिखा है कि कर्म करो फल की इच्छा मत रखो.. और ये लिखना बाकी रह गया कि फॉर्म भरो नौकरी की इच्छा मत रखो..…
There was no Nehru before Nehru and after Nehru there was no Nehru, but women of Nehru dynasty marry anyone who gives birth to Gandhi. All the genetic engineers of the world including NASA, ISRO are also surprised to see this strange breeding ..
Relieving news for common man, Center said in Supreme Court, loan moratorium can be extended for years now on Wednesday
Mumbai Police Commissioners were careful to keep Mumbai under attack. Entire railway station, bar or dance bar, entire talkies, auditorium or total public space. Please forward it to all groups. Jai Hind Jai Maharashtra.
यूपी बलिया में पुलिस चौकी में पथराव मामले में लोगों के खिलाफ मुकदमा दर्ज
Do not send Mallya to India. Doing so will affect the elections in India. Kapil Sibal moved the British court against Mallya's extradition
 बुर्के का रंग भी काला होता है। काली करतूतों को छिपाना होता है। या खुद को चचाजान अब्बाजान भाईजान से हलाला से बचाना होता है। ht…
कोरोना वायरस के कारण स्कूल और कॉलेज बंद होने के कारण छात्रों की शिक्षा प्रभावित हुई है, इसलिए सरकार सभी छात्रों को मुफ्त एंड्रॉइड स्मार्टफोन दे रही है
The Union Health Ministry said that the week-wise number of people recovering daily from the Rona epidemic has increased from thousand in the first week of July to four hundred in the last week of August.
How many independent Bahujans of the country in the year of independence
   किसी ने पूछा  अगर पाकिस्तान नही होता तो क्या हम देशभक्त होते मासूम जवाब  अगर हम देशभक्त होते तो आज ये पाकिस्तान नही हो…
There will be questions in the minds of professors and teachers, how will they be able to prepare themselves for this change, how will such a course be managed, all of you will also have many questions, which you are also discussing on PM
Nasir Khan, Salman, Zakir and minor along with Hindu girl of the year, gang raped all night by taking them to isolate area, May Tonk is incident of Rajasthan Congress government, doctor is misrepresenting character of year girl, The girl's family are buying peace messengers and threatening to keep quiet, now brokers like ndtv the wire quint will not say anything because the girl is a Hindu and a rapist Muslim, Librandu is also silent because the accused is Muslim
मैंने गृह मंत्रालय को नेशनल असेंबली में शारीरिक शोषण के खिलाफ हमारे मसौदा कानून पेश करने की प्रक्रिया में तेजी लाने का निर्देश दिया है किसी भी सभ्य लोकतांत्रिक समाज में शारीरिक शोषण के लिए कोई जगह नहीं यह इस्लाम की भावना पाकिस्तान के संविधान अंतरराष्ट्रीय कानूनी संधियों के खिलाफ
हिटलर के मरने के बाद उसके अंधभक्तों को ढूंढ ढूंढ के ठोका गया था डरा नहीं रही हूं अंधभक्तों को समझा रहीं हूं
DMK launches Amar Ujala's campaign in 'Jago Lucknow Jago' battle from Corona
The Indian and Pakistani military exchanged sweets and good wishes. No dock media channel has time to show this to the nation. How many newspapers had this news on their front page. Beware of how many lives will be sacrificed for political gain before those who declare themselves, claim the inch of chest
For information and necessary action.
हीर खान तु जहाँ कहीं भी छुपी है,बिल से बाहर निकल, जितनी ताकत लगाकर तुने देवीदेवताओं को गालियाँ निकाली हैं,ऐसी गालियाँ जो सुनी भी नहीं जा सकती अब महिला होने का कार्ड मत खेलना,रोनाधोना बिल्कुल नहीं और हाँ कहीं गर्भ से तो नहीं हो ना  गालियों की लिमिट क्रास कर गई अब चलिये जेल 
Negative growth recorded in major infrastructure sectors of the country, only growth in fertilizer sector
Thanks to the Government of India which first banned Tiktok and now PUBG. I have been playing PUBG myself and I know very well how much time is lost. All of you will now give free time to your books and not to gold diggers who take advantage of the opportunity
इंग्लैंड दौरे की पहली जीत हासिल कर पाकिस्तान ने तीन टी20 मैचों की सीरीज 1 से बराबर कराई
The news of the plane crash in Kozhikode, Kerala is very sad. I express my deepest condolences to the relatives of the dead and wish the injured well soon.
New positive cases of corona cases came out in Rajasthan, people got the most new deaths in the quota
The Nepal Police has arrested the Indian Army personnel.
भारतीय सेना की खुशी सुबह 30 बजे । सेकेंड लंबे इस वीडियो की शुरुआत में तीन सैनिकों को दलेर मेहंदी के लोकप्रिय गीत, बोलो ता रा रा रा गाने पर नाचते हुए दिखाया गया है। जल्द ही कई और सैन्यकर्मी इसमें शामिल हो जाते हैं।
The Chief Economic Advisor said that in the country from April to June this year, the decrease in GDP has come due to Kovid epidemic.
As soon as the Supreme Court verdict came, Donald Trump climbed the White House and fired aerial fire from the native katte and raised the slogan of Jai Shri Ram.
कांग्रेस प्रदेश अध्यक्ष प्रीतम सिंह बोले उत्तराखंड विधानसभा चुनाव में एक भी सीट नहीं जीत पाएगी AAP
रैना तो वापस आ जायेगा, बज्जी टाटा गुड बाय,आपको कोई नही बुलाएगा 
अफसल हम आ गए  स्वागत नहीं करोगे 
Ministry of Health will soon send central teams to Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Odisha Central teams will help in strengthening control, monitoring, investigation and effective clinical management.
   Pok में बना कोठे वाली का बंकर तोड़कर पुलिस ने बहादुरी का काम किया। Yesno
Indo-China border dispute: press review will be worse than the situation
The Muslims beat him up after the police cut the challan. Which is a challenge to the law. This video explains what will happen in India next. Who will run the country And what will be the future of everyone. The bitter truth is that the country is at greater risk from inside than outside. Friends, as a matter of grace, we request you to send your hands to each group. By tomorrow evening every news channel should come.
The GDP of many developed countries including America has fallen more than India during the Corona period. According to the data provided in the message, the US GDP has declined. The intelligentsia of the country sees only a decline in India's GDP.
केंद्रीय मंत्री ने फेसबुक को लिखा पत्र, लोकसभा चुनावों में भाजपा के प्रचार से जुड़े मुद्दे पर पूछे सवाल
 की लड़ाई के बाद स्पेशल फ्रंटियर फोर्स का किया गया था गठन
कोरोना वायरस से आमजन को सुरक्षित रखने हेतु प्रदेश में निरंतर कॉन्टैक्ट ट्रेसिंग, सर्विलांस और डोरटूडोर सर्वे कार्य किया जा रहा है साथ ही के माध्यम से कोरोना संक्रमित मरीजों की जानकारी ली जा रही है।
The photo of the burnt body of the jawan, linked to the Pulwama attack, went viral, today again the mother's heart is crying, today again the girlfriend has lost her lover.
Listen to the voice of the real hero, get the courtesy of the Assam rifles
भाइयों बहनों मित्रों मेरी तीन सवाल है मैं झूठ हूं तो बताना क्या पूर्व चीफ जस्टिस रंजन गोगोई पर बलात्कार की आरोप लगी थी या नहीं आरोप के बाद राम मंदिर पर फैसला किया सच या झूठ राम मंदिर फैसले के बाद उसने राज्यसभा सदस्य बना सच या झूठ r.s.s. के लोग ताजमहल को शिव मंदिर बताया या नहीं
Dharmendra Sharma, in-charge of Sector 49 Police Station, Noida Police, who won the battle with Rona, helped the patient by donating his plasma to save the life of the Rona patient.
Swiss Bank Corporation Switzerland gives you a clear information about the high deposits of individuals of Indian origin with top healthy account statements in India. Please see all your Indian account information along with their IT returns, their business profile, business background. Check the full details of the account holders below and return their complete clear business statements to us before March.
This will be the largest Kovid Hospital in the state, where modern arrangements will be available ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Now political parties will have to give information about the donations received from abroad, the government has made a rule report
The order of LG Sahib has created a huge problem and challenge for the people of Delhi, it is a big challenge for people coming from all over the country to arrange treatment during the Karona epidemic. May God bless us Serve. We will try to provide treatment to all
A battle is being fought by our army at the border ... A battle we have to fight with the traitors hidden inside the country, so write the people.
Brother Nita Ambani, first learn to write English
गरीबी मुक्त भारत बनाने की तैयारी। उत्तर प्रदेश से शुरू।
राष्ट्रपति पद की दौड़ में पिछड़ते नजर आ रहे जीतने के लिए सबकुछ करने को तैयार हैं
Mann ki baat PM Modi made toys weapons, one arrow through several targets
There are many setbacks yet to come. Thieves in law.
What are the different types of corona tests
दलालो मिडिया को आज पता चला घर उजड़ने का दर्द क्या होता है आदिवासियों के घरों पर बहुत बुलडोज़र चलाये दल्लो को नही दिखे आज कोठे वाली पर बुलडोजर चला तो चीखे निकल गई।
This pony is a bastard
... when Indira Gandhi interrupted Pranab Mukherjee after wearing the same shirt for three consecutive days
   जो खुद असामाजिक तत्व है, जो घर छोड़कर भागी थी, जो कभी ड्रग एडिक्ट थी, जिसने वो तमाम प्रतिबंधित और अवैध काम किये है उसके…
Firing and stone pelting in the sides, there has been a dispute in both sides earlier, police engaged in investigation of the case, information about the injuries of many people, police engaged in investigating the case on the spot, the case of Mohalla Gadiana of Anupshahar.
Expressing sorrow over the demise of Bharat Ratna Pranab Mukherjee, PM Modi tweeted that he has left an indelible mark on the development path of our nation. A scholar was par excellence, a politician, and acclaimed by all sections of society.
After being found in an objectionable position with the married woman, the Panchs will give the youth such a punishment, knowing they will fly away
Tahir Hussain is being questioned about which hawala operator he was in contact with to collect money during the Delhi riots. What is his relationship with tabligi Jamaat chief Maulana Saad.
खुद को कॉरॉना हुआ तो अब दिल्ली के अस्पताल सभी के लिए खुले है। अरविंद केजरीवाल तू तो बहुत बड़ा बला रंग बदलू निकला।
Ratan Tata 2020 is the year of survival, don't worry about profit and loss.
The Government of India has announced a relief scheme for the affected artists due to and has been asked to email their details on the given ID.
हम लोगो ने ओखला विधान सभा में कोरोना के मरीज़ों के इलाज के लिए एक Help Desk बनाई है और आप शाहीन बाग़ विधायक कार्यालय में भी संपर्क कर सकते हैं।हेल्प डेस्क नंबर ,
B.j.p. What Modi will say on this act of MLA Anil Upadhyay,
संविधान के अनुच्छेद एवं A को निरस्त करने के ऐतिहासिक निर्णय एवं उपलब्धि के लिए आदरणीय पीएम श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी, आदरणीय गृहमंत्री श्री अमित शाह जी एवं इस फैसले का समर्थन करने वाले सभी संसद सदस्यों को कोटिकोटि धन्यवाद भाजपा अध्यक्ष श्री
The corona virus deaths in India have occurred in the states of Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Delhi and Andhra Pradesh.
This is Aditya Thackeray's Maharashtra Chief Minister's son's connection with Riya Chakraborty. Hence Mumbai Police and BMC wants to suppress Sushant Singh Rajput case.
रूपए के नोट बंद कर रही है आर.बी.आई और जनवरी तक अवैध होंगे यह नोट
On the occasion of National Unemployment Day on September 00, that is, at 00:00 pm, keeping the employment in view for the minutes, call the voice…
वोडाफोनआइडिया ने अपना ब्रैंड नाम बदल लिया है। इसकी घोषणा सीईओ रविंदर टक्कर ने की 
Ayodhya is ready for August .. Jai Shri Ram Shriram
India was called Pakistan, so why the pain now .. Have made Pakistan
Woman accused of raping Hyderabad people, read what is the whole matter
Permits have been issued to total vehicles for essential services ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Now watch the account of Sushant's culprits, asks India live on Republic of India with Aishwarya YouTube TV
Deaths from Corona in the country so far, people lost their lives in one day, there were fewer deaths in Maharashtra since day one, patients died here within hours
In need of contemporary film certification, the court gave an interesting twist to the film Gunjan Saxena
Pranab Mukherjee's ashes flowed into Ganga, son immersed at her feet
PM Modi, who was on TV during the Corona period, became the most watched program of the Ram Mandir Bhoomipujan
CDS Rawat, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and NSA Ajit Doval's high-level meeting via plan to give a befitting reply to China in Ladakh
Future retail, Bharti Airtel and BEML shares today earning opportunities
Earthquake tremors have been felt at a distance of about a kilometer from Mumbai.
Tahirumar is a tableau, many of them are still left. Your number will come, the Hindus of Delhi will get justice.
Look and pay attention to what is happening in our country. The work of adulteration in religious texts is going on in full swing. In the coming years, our next generations will read these adulterated Vedas, Puranas, Upanishads, which will include
Earlier, the color of milk was saffron. Seeing our religious feelings getting hurt, Maula turned her color to green. Mushrik did not like this, he again saffroned the green milk. Then a war broke out between Allah and the Musharikas. Jesus took advantage of this and made the color of milk white. Fatwa Green white milk is forbidden
Another case came to light, the woman made a serious allegation against the journalist
अब देश का नाम अब भारत होने जा रहा है
   यदि कांग्रेस की डिक्शनरी में हिंदुत्व शब्द ही नहीं है तो... हिंदुओं की डिक्शनरी में कांग्रेस शब्द क्यों है जागो और मि…
Israel and the United States have developed vaccines to combat the recent outbreak of coronaviruses
This year, the college has decided that the cut off will be determined on the parameters of Best of Four.
गांड पर भी काली पट्टी चिपका ले देशद्रोही आतंकी देश में नफरत फैलाने वाला
We busted the spa sex racket with the police late at Tilak Nagar. While the central government's guidelines ban the opening of spas, the body trade in spas has resumed under the nose of Delhi Police and MCD. FIR is lodged, why is police unknown
While buying goods from the shop, it is necessary to have a distance of feet from the other person, otherwise arrest will be made.
On October, Boom saw a tweet by a user named Zakia Binti Zia later changed to Zakia in which she said she was a Kashmiri and praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for becoming the ambassador of the Kashmiri people to the rest of the world.
किसानो के लिए बहुत फ़ायदेवाला बिल पास हुआ है.. कुछ कमीने उनकी दलाली ख़त्म हो जाने की वजह से देश के खेडूत मित्रों को गेरमार्ग पर दोर ने का काम कर रहे है.. किसान ऐसे कमिनो से सावधान..अब किसान कही भी और कोइ भी दाम पे अपनी उपज बेच सकेंगे..
कानपुर में गैंग्स्टर के साथ शूटआउट में पुलिसकर्मियों के शहीद होने के बाद बाकी थानों में दहशत है 
अन्ना हजारे ने अरविंद केज़रीवाल को थप्पड़ मारने का मज़ाक बनाया उसे थप्पड़ मारा गया था केवल एक थप्पड़
भुरी काकी को ही एम्स पर भरोसा नहीं है इलाज कराने विदेश चलीं गईं. चमचे कहते हैं नेहरू जी ने एम्स बनाए हैं 
कांग्रेस के वफादार गुलाम कपिल सिब्बल चीनी ऐप टिकटाक बैन का केस सुप्रीम कोर्ट में लड़ेंगे इनके लिए दो शब्द
India's strong message to the dragon, ready to face every situation on LAC
A doctor has been removed from the Ministry of AYUSH.
What is that big leader of BJP who is kind to Kangana?
Those who do something, move forward in every situation and the worthless people continue to blame the other.
ोविड19 बेहतरीन उपाए उत्तर प्रदेश ने एकीकृत कोविड नियंत्रण एवं कमान केंद्र बनाया और एक एकीकृत राज्य कोविड पोर्टल शुरू किया विवरण 
भारत में ोविड19 मरीज़ों के तेजी से ठीक होने का सिलसिला जारी, पिछले घंटों में अब तक एक ही दिन में सबसे अधिक लोगों के ठीक होने का रिकॉर्ड बना लगातार दिन से रोजाना से अधिक मरीज ठीक हुए विवरण 
ओह जोकोविच हार की निराशा में नोवाक ने गेंद को रैकेट से बाईं तरफ़ मारा. उधर खड़ी थीं लाइन जज. गेंद सीधा जाकर जज के लगी. नोवाक को जैसे ही अहसास हुआ वो भागकर गए लेकिन ये गलती बड़ा नुकसान कर बैठी. नोवाक जोकोविच यूएस ओपन से बाहर. मैच रिपोर्ट
Due to the rising outbreak of Karona virus, our Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has decided to give Karona virus free Max Free to all the recruiters under Swachh Bharat, you can also wear your order by clicking on the below link and become a part of Swachh Bharat. .
One of whose arrows can absorb even the sea, who can stop their temple from being built in Ayodhya. Jai Shree Ram
The first trial of Corona vaccine was conducted on VK Srinivas, Vice President of Bharat Biotech. Soon after taking the first dose, he said, I am the first person to take the trial of the vaccine developed by myself and my team. See, how much confidence they have in their product.
In the month of July, there were total new active cases in the state, in which the number of active patients increased and in the month of August, the total number of active cases came to the notice, in which the number of active patients increased ACS, Medical and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
अटल बिहारी के सरकार में रिलायंस पेट्रोल पंप जगहजगह खुल गई थी मनमोहन सिंह के आने के बाद पूरी बंद हो गई फिर अब के बाद रिलायंस पेट्रोल पंप चालू हो गई और प्रमाण चाहिए अंबानी ने देश के लिए क्या बनाया पेट्रोल डीजल गैस बिजली दूरसंचार लूटने के सिवा
Human organ trafficking cannot be denied under the guise of Karona …….
Students are expected to get relief from the trains being run by the railways during the exam in the midst of Corona crisis.
Pandey, came to play kamina jat pat
US President Donald Trump mourned the death of former President Pranab Mukherjee.
किसी को भी बाढ़ या अन्य आपदा के संबंध में कोई भी समस्या होती है तो वह आपदा नियंत्रण केन्द्र या कंट्रोल हेल्प लाइन नंबर पर फोन कर सम्पर्क कर सकता है राहत आयुक्त, श्री संजय गोयल जी
Municipal employees saw this scene while cleaning the sewer behind Shaheen Bagh.
रिया चक्रवर्ती को जेल से बचने के लिए गर्भवती हो जाना चाहिए..
Condoling the demise of former President Pranab Mukherjee, Russian President Vladimir Putin described him as a true friend of Russia, the President said that he was a respected person with Indianness and high international understanding.
चप्पल पहनकर भूमि पूजन, आखिर कितनी धज्जियां उड़ाओगे हिंदू धर्म की  पैरों में चप्पल पहनकर कोई भूमि पूजन होता है क्या ये किस मानसिकता के भक्त है मित्रो  चप्पल जूता पहनकर भूमि पूजनवाहमोदी हे तो मुमकिन हैं नकली राम भक्त
कंगना रनौत और महाराष्ट्र की सरकार में आरपार देखें लाइव के साथ और पूछें अपने सवाल अभी
VIDEO thus failed to infiltrate PLA into Pangong
Meet the women protester of Jamia, seeing their parents in this look, I would have thought that I would have produced goats instead.
   चिंग पूंग पिंग की हालत देख पाकिस्तान का सरपंच इमरान खान जुलाब की दवा ले रहा है.
Allegedly, on Thursday evening, a Pakistan Army aircraft was hovering above the LoC LoC to monitor the movement of the Indian Army. But the Pakistan Army made the mistake of considering it an Indian Air Force aircraft and dropped it down. The news went viral despite various attempts by Pakistan to hide it. Namo Bharat Narendra Modi for PM 'Facebook page has been used without the tag tag.
Mutual rivalry is in place
Ayodhya is ready for August
दिल्ली पुलिस दंगाईयों को पार्षद ताहिर हुसेन के घर के छत पर चढ़ने के लिये सीढ़ी लगाते हुए ताकि पैट्रोल बॉम्ब,गुलेल,स्टोन रख कर उसे फंसाया जा सके
The funeral procession of former President Pranab Mukherjee is being taken from his residence, Rajaji Marg to Lodhi crematorium
Ganesh Immersion Today after immersion, pour soil and water into the pot or tree plantations, so that no feet are attached.
Amazon to deliver goods in half an hour, the company gets the green signal via
A mercury tube inside an old television can be used to make a nuclear bomb.
The death of Kashi resident Domraja Shri Jagdish Chaudhary Ji, a symbol of the spirit of social harmony, is very sad. Kailashgaman of Shri Jagdish Chaudhary is a major loss of the entire Indian society. Pray to Baba Vishwanath to grant you a place in your supreme abode. Om Shanti
You must have heard the famous name, Pusultan is a very bad misfortune, a movie is made on those who massacre us Hindus in our country. Used to be.
Narendra Modi's family had written a police report against him. Modi had stolen the jewelry from the house and fled. The clipping also stated that hurt by his actions, Modi's father suffered a heart attack and died due to lack of resources for treatment. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's brother-in-law considers him responsible for his father's death.
Charlie Hebdo magazine director's big statement, we will not be afraid nor will bow ... will again publish controversial cartoons
News breaking news watch big accident live in Bihar. Old video of train accident was viral in wrong context
The corona virus is only spread by crowds gathered during the Eid, Bakraid, Moharram, Rakhi, Kanwar yatra. Seeing the BJP's flag, Corona breathes herself.
Kangana got security for Y Srayani, expressed gratitude to Amit Shah by tweeting
Peaceful Muslim people pelted stones at women performing Kirtan in the temple in Atali village Faridabad last evening. A conscious woman made the video which has failed all over India. It will not be shown on any news channel. Muslims say if the idols are broken in the temple, they will make new ones, you give me Hindus at the Dargah, we will also get the Vapis cleaned.
बीटेक छात्र से लूट का मामला, घायल बीटेक छात्र की आज मौत, कार लूट के दौरान हमला हुआ था, बदमाशों को नहीं पकड़ पाई नोएडा पुलिस, घटना के दिन बाद भी कार्रवाई नहीं।
This is absolutely untrue. Aamir Khan is traveling for work, so there can be no possibility of a claimed meeting.
India and China continue to hold brigade commander level meeting in Chusul The Indian Army prevented Chinese troops from entering the southern end of Pangong Tso Lake
साले चरसी एक दूजे को बचाने को मैदान में कूदे तो है पर रोजाना एक का कांड हो जाता है  ी ात्कारी
Finding a girl for a private job is not less than scoring a ball for yourself, so oppose privatization
 सुशांत केस  NCB ने मुंबई पुलिस को सौंपी लोगों की सूची, मुंबई में है इनका ड्रग नेटवर्क
आप सभी के सहयोग से मेरा आत्मबल और बढ़ा है और मैं अपने को पहले से कई ज्यादा मजबूत महसूस कर रही हूँ, आप सभी का शुक्रिया।
By making development an issue, the Modi government laid the foundation for the downfall of development, the issue is public hunger, employment, economy, good health arrangements, public interest. Development is a process, not a jumla. Which is accomplished by walking with everyone. The issue is there only and
Another FIR filed on Sanjay Singh, filed in Saushambi, by tweeting another FIR on MP Sanjay Singh, and said that all the police stations should be prosecuted, but will raise the issue of Brahmins, Dalits and Backwards.
What is discussed in China on Indo-China border tension
More patients die from corona in UP, more than 2.5 lakh cases in the state
जेल पर नई रिपोर्ट देश में सबसे ज्यादा दलित और मुसलमान कैदी यूपी में और आदिवासी मध्य प्रदेश की जेलों में बंद हैं, कॉमन जेलों में भीड़, लेकिन महिला जेलें खाली Jails
Abhisar Sharma has distributed money to the villagers to speak against the Bharatiya Janata Party-led government in Uttar Pradesh. See Congressman Chamche's handiwork, 'Dalle' Abhisar Sharma would have turned off the camera while distributing the money. Journalist Abhisar Sharma bribed villager to speak against UP government
I am a big fan of Indian culture, so I accompanied my Home Minister to my residence Shri Ram Abhishek on August.
अनुच्छेद की समाप्ति के बाद नया लद्दाख।
रिलायंस इंडस्ट्री ने दुनिया की मशहूर टॉय कंपनी ‘हेमले’ को खरीदा है। और यह बात मीडिया ने देश से छुपाई है। पीएम मोदी और रिलायंस इंडस्ट्री के मालिक मुकेश अंबानी की फोटो है।
It was claiming to cure the corona by donating blood. At that time, I should explain to you all that through money and corruption, it became an officer.
कैथल के उपायुक्त सुजान सिंह ने बताया कि सुभाषचंद्र बोस आपदा प्रबंधन पुरस्कार हेतु सितंबर तक आवेदन स्वीकार किए जाएंगे। सरकार ने आपदा प्रबंधन के क्षेत्र में व्यक्तियों और संस्थानों के उत्कृष्ट कार्यों को मान्यता देने के लिए सुभाषचंद्र बोस आपदा प्रबंधन पुरस्कार की स्थापना की है।
Russia shared the vaccine data with India. Press review
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत मामले में नया मोड़, रिया की ड्रग चैट को लेकर गोवा के होटल व्यवसायी से होगी पूछताछ
A look at tomorrow's weather forecast
IPL  बीसीसीआई ने CRED को IPL का ऑफिशियल पार्टनर किया घोषित
Faz had stopped Khanapina after Sushant's death.
More than five thousand factories on the verge of closure in Noida, most impact on factories making garment and electronics goods
If Riya Chakraborty is linked with Sushant, then Tyagi can also be traced to death.
The one who is sitting on the chair is not foolish, what is the pain of the youth who has no child ..
कांग्रेस के राज में तो जैसे सब को कलेक्टर बना दिया थे साला झूठा
नवजात शिशुओं की आवश्यक देखभाल और उनमें होने वाली जटिल बीमारियों की रोकथाम के लिए होम बेस्ड न्यूबोर्न केयर HBNC का संचालन किया जा रहा है।
 सुशांत के बिजनेस पार्टनर को समन जारी, वरुण माथुर को ED ने जारी किया समन देखिए रिपब्लिक भारत पर 
हाँ मित्र एक कमीनी मेरी जिन्दगी की वाटट लगाती है
Big action by SP Anurag Arya, case against accused Harishchandra Bind and Gurvendra of Baghraya police station, both constables suspended, constable Santosh Yadav suspended, inspector in-charge Ravindra Singh Yadav line spot,
Come, promise yourself to follow basic protective measures and encourage others to do the same. Change your behavior, attack Corona.
Despite the order of the High Court, Dr. Kafeel was not released, the family made many allegations via
पुलिस आपके लिए नहीं बनी है न्यायपालिका आपके लिए नहीं बनी है पूरे भारत के पुलिस लोगों के लिए काम करती है पूरे भारत की न्यायपालिका के लिए काम करती है उसकी अपराध को बचाने में के लिए काम करती है को लूटने फंसा कर बर्बाद करती है90कमाई की जरिया है पुलिस की न्यायपालिका की
हरियाणा के बहादुर लाल शहीद दीवान चंद जी की शहादत को अश्रुपूर्ण श्रद्धांजलि।
Only the youngster of the year can set the queen with a bluff, she was getting less love from her fat nowadays
सुप्रीम कोर्ट का चिन्ह बदल गया.... ‘सत्यमेव जयते’ की जगह.यतो धर्मस्ततो जय सारे सेक्टर प्राइवेट धीरेधीरे कर रहें। युवा लोग ट्रेन से कूदकर अत्महत्या कर रहें है क्योंकि उनके पास रोजग़ार नहीँ।। सरकार काम कुछ नहीं कर रही ह केवल वादे करती है।। जागो जनता।।
ऐ मेरे वतन के तलवा चाटने वाला चमचो जरा हाथ में भर लो पानी.  फिर नाक डुबालो अपनी और दे दो तुम कुर्बानी.
An FIR was registered against people under section 188. Vehicles have been seized in intensive checking of vehicles so far in the state. During the checking campaign a mitigation fee of ₹ 72,58,76,509 was recovered ACS, Home and Information, Mr. G.
आनंदै आनंद बढ्यौ अति। देवनि दिवि दुंदुभी बजाई, सुनि मथुरा प्रगटे जादवपति। बरषत सुमन सुदेस सूर सुर, जयजयकार करत,मानत रति। श्री बांके बिहारी जी का पावन अवतरण पर्व श्रीकृष्ण जन्माष्टमी आप सभी के जीवन को सफलता एवं समृद्धि से अभिसिंचित करे। प्रभु अवतरण की सभी को बधाईमंगलकामनाएं
UP: Government bus conductor looted in Mathura, miscreants looted thousands of rupees
राम जन्मभूमि पर फैसला सुनाने वाले पूर्व चीफ जस्टिस रंजन गोगोई कोरोना संक्रमित हो गए हैं।
पिछले वर्ष माह के लिए परिसंघ का फ़ेस्बुक बंद उस समय हुआ जब रैली का आयोजन था।बहुत कोशिश किया fb के हेड अंखी दास से बात करने की लेकिन असफल। अब पता चला कि भाजपा नेता रवि शंकर प्रसाद जैसे लोगों से मिलती हैं।वॉल स्ट्रीट जर्नल का धन्यवादी हूँ कि fb की पक्षता का पर्दाफ़ाश किया।
एक और ेशद्रोही मिला। गुजरात से नकली नोटों का भंडार पकड़ा गया और ईमानदार ंघसमर्थकश्रीकेतनदवे की कार से मिला ये नकली नोटो का जखीरा। इनसे बड़ा भी कोई देशद्रोह हो सकता है क्या ये तो देश की अर्थवयवस्था को ही निगल रहे थे, इनको क्या सजा मिलनी चाहिए
सुप्रीम कोर्ट का चिन्ह बदल गया.... ‘सत्यमेव जयते’ की जगह.. ।।यतो धर्मस्ततो जय ।।
कृप्या हैदराबाद के वर्तमान निज़ाम को सुनें और सुने ओवेसी भाइयों और कम्युनिस्टों के बारे में उनकी राय।
VIDEO AK47 Rifle, Fires Bullets in Minutes
Donald Trump said on Ladakh dispute, the situation is very serious about the border between India and China, we are ready to help
Congress dogs gave a slogan to Indira India
मैं अपनी नंबर किसी को नहीं दी हूं भक्तों की सत्ता है वह कहीं से भी आपकी नंबर निकाल लेगा
One of the ever increasing persecution on Palestinians is the silence of Akwam-e-Muttheda, the same is the situation in Kashmir, all is cool in its own power, even if you are in power, you are not standing up for these people and not raising voice for them. So of course its Shola can also reach you.
 CBI के सामने पिठानी का कबुलनामा, ‘दिशा की मौत से चिंता में डूब गए थे सुशांत, मुझे अपने कमरे में सोने को बोला’
Grateful salutes to Padma Bhushan Major Dhyanchand ji, a symbol of Indian self-respect in the global sports world, the architect of various world winning campaigns in hockey, Padma Bhushan, the all time great player of world hockey. Your sports talent, your patriotism is inspiring to Indians.
Lakhs of jobs have been lost since April and lakhs in July alone. Keep satisfaction, everything will be fine. If the amount is high, listen to Modi ji's speech or contact a devotee, he will tell the benefit.
The ruthless assassination of Hindu saints in India, if you do not speak anything, then the minority Hindus who are outside do not have any right to speak anything about the atrocities being committed on them. Start with your home, country.
Special meeting with Dr. Sering Lahdol, Ladakh's first female doctor, at DD News special program dedicated to women, Ladakh
I have been in Kashmir for years, don't you tell me about living
ज्यादा परेशान ना होइए फ्री में अकाउंट में पैसे लिए है वह भी तब, कि जब सरकार के पास धेले का भी टैक्स कलेक्शन नहीं हो रहा था अब जीडीपी के लिए बिलबिला रहे हो , एक साथ दोनों कैसे चलेंगे बे
RBI has termed payments on Google Pay as unsafe.
There is a strange coincidence, Sanjay Congress near Sanjay Nirupam Kejriwal near Sanjay Congress near Dhutarastra, Sanjay Raut near Shiv Sena
Share and see how Kejriwal alias Kejruddin, who is trying to make Delhi his own Pakistan, is in front of you, the first list of his legislators
There is no concrete information about where this video belongs to, yet watching this video makes the heart go awry B.j.p. What Modi will say on this act of MLA Anil Upadhyay, make this video so viral that it can see the whole of India .. Dalits cannot move around in backward Alishan cars
ये कौन सा आसन सिखा रहा है बे। लड़़कियों से प्रेम दिखाने के और सम्मान देने के भी एटीकेट्स होते हैं। महिला के गले में माला नहीं पहनाया जाता हाथ मे दिया जाता है सम्मान करते समय।
No matter how much the lion is kept in the cage, the lion will be a lion, keep the dog with any protection in the Taj Mahal, the dog will be a dog.
The entire lockdown could happen again from June, the Home Ministry indicated.
On NCB inquiries drug dealers name Rua Chakraborty's brother Shauvik. See India asks LIVE on Republic India with Arnab
This Kanhaiya Kumar brother-in-law was the dog's dog
The Delhi High Court has banned the broadcast of the controversial show by Sudarshan News Channel. Some current and former students of Jamia Millia Islamia petitioned the court against it.
अमिताभ बच्चन असिम्प्टोटिक हैं।
के बारामूला इलाक़े में ग्रेनेड अटैक में नागरिक घायल आतंकियों ने सेना के वाहन पर फेंके थे ग्रेनेड सड़क पर फटे ग्रेनेड सुरक्षाबलों ने इलाक़े को घेरा
In this context, there is a provision for starting educationally sound, multidisciplinary and integrated teachers education programs. Till the year, only high level institutions will remain active in this area.
Thousands of your grown beards will be thousands…. Naked, hungry, unemployed, cramped and sick….
उन्होंने कहा कि बाजार सुबह बजे से रात्रि बजे तक खुलें। अब मुख्यमंत्री जी ने आदेश दिए हैं कि प्रदेश में शनिवार को बंदी नहीं रहेगी। अब शनिवार को रात्रि बजे से रविवार को रात्रि बजे तक पूर्ण रूप से बंदी रहेगी ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
भारतचीन विवाद पर विदेश मंत्रालय का बयान, अपने सैनिकों को नियंत्रण रखें चीन
बिहार में भ्रष्टाचार से बिहार के नागरिक दुखी आवासीय बनाने के लिए रुपया घूस लग जाती है यह मुद्दा आपके पार्टी को नहीं दिख रही है न्यायपालिका में जज के बगल में बैठे व्यक्ति जज के सामने घुस लेती है भ्रष्टाचार शिक्षा स्वास्थ्य यही मुद्दा आपको सत्ता में पहुंचा देगी
Pierre Gasli of Alpha Tauri won the Italian Grand Prix Racing title. McLaren's Carlos Sainz finished second. Lance Stroll of Racing Point took third place.
उत्तर प्रदेश का गोरखपुर. यहां सातवीं में पढ़ने वाली छात्रा का जुलाई को रेप हुआ था. छात्रा ने स्कूल के प्रबंधक पर रेप का आरोप लगाया था. घटना के बाद से आरोपी फरार चल रहा था. अब पुलिस ने आरोपी को गिरफ्तार कर लिया है.
Mahesh Bhatt is the bastard person I have not seen anywhere till date, brother-in-law also looks at his daughter wrongly.
Fake news expos Is Modi government sacking lakhs of employees by selling railway factories
More marriages postponed due to Corona epidemic breaking ties between India and Nepal
Some gamers have made playing games a means of employment. Meaning that playing a game is a full time job. They are called professional gamers. We are going to tell you how gamers make money.
In India, everyone is for sale. The buyer should be the one with money. Buy the Chief Justice. Se means no citizen
साल से जनता के भरोसे पर कायम है आजतक। खबर मतलब सिर्फ आजतक।
Metro will not stop if you do not follow social distancing, know important things via Metro
उपमुख्यमंत्री ने कहा कि हरियाणा देश का ऐसा पहला राज्य होगा जो अपनी नई उद्योग नीति में ऐरोस्पेस और एविएशन को भी थ्रस्टसेक्टर के तौर पर फोकस करेगा।
जानिए मौसम का हालः यूपी में हुई हल्की बारिश, दिल्ली में मौसम रहा गर्म
Aamir Khan had said that my wife Kiran is scared in the country, so she gave him a visa to go to Pakistan, but Kangana said POK to Mumbai, Mumbai is not a part of anyone but lice.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has tweeted in support of India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Indo-China dispute.
Neither will Facebook be wrong by your saying, nor should you be wrong by the BJP saying, Facebook should be right for the general public, cooperate in the issue of the common people.
China plans to increase nuclear weapons reserves Pentagon
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत मामले में सीबीआई सच्चाई सामने लेकर आएगी राजनीतिक विश्लेषक विशाल मिश्रा ने राजनीतिक विश्लेषक विनोद सिंह से कहा देखिए पूछता है भारत अर्नब के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
ट्रिनबागो नाइटराइडर्स ने लगाया जीत का परफेक्ट , आंद्रे रसेल खाता भी नहीं खोल सके 
A day before the murder of the young man, the accused were arrested and sent to jail, in connection with the race for the murder, friends were killed with a knife, the case of village Chaparchidi in Nakur police station.
Sister has written a long post promising Sushant that she will get justice for him
GDP में आई  की गिरावट पर बोले शत्रुघ्न सिन्हा दुआ करता हूं कि इसे Act Of God न कहा जाए... 
The couple hanged their lives in UP Kanpur, the job was left in lockdown
Day or night, whenever the daughter of Ool Gandi is drunk, she is not a brother-in-law, she will talk about knowledge.
 क्या ड्रग पैडलर से है रिया के भाई शोविक का कोई रिश्ता , के साथ 
क्या सुशांत की हत्या के समय बिजनेस डील की बात, हत्या के सच को छिपाने के लिए की गई देखिए पूछता है भारत अर्नब के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर 
And you're not putting any bone to Jessie bitch
हत्यारों को भीड़ के हाथों से छुडवा ले गए सीओ, पूर्व विधायक की पत्नी,बहु की पिटाई की थी, जमीन कब्जे के लिए पहुंचे थे गुंडे, पूर्व विधायक हत्याकांड में सीओ पर आरोप, सीओ पलिया के खिलाफ मिश्रा परिवार FIR और गिरफ्तारी कर रहा है मांग।
In Mumbai, Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi is going and seems to be supporting Pakistan's slogan of Zindabad, now what is wrong if mullions are slapped
Didn't the stomach fill with eating GDP, was it more sizzling than tikki
The ghosts of kick do not agree with the matter. The Chinese Army will treat the Chinese as if it were a tit-for-tat method.
Pankaj Singh Corona, son of BJP MLA from Noida and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, has been found infected.
Women sitting on dharna in Dharin Bagh got pregnant, whether they were sitting on dharna or increase population on campaign
Slogans of Jai Shri Ram in front of Parliament Mamata Banerjee
Haramkhoro was a thief. He was also greedy for power. In front of this, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel won by a majority. This made Gandhi himself become PM. Nalla fuckin
India's largest was Nehru, how many people believe
There will still be a delay in getting Xiaomi's polishing device
In the case of Sushant Singh Rajput, the team reached Sushant's Bandra residence, Sushant's sister Mitu Singh with CBI, the crime scene can be recharged by CBI, forensic team also reached Sushant's house, Siddharth Pithani, Neeraj and Keshav were present.
बीआरडी मेडिकल कॉलेज गोरखपुर में...
न बुज़ुर्गों क़े ख्वाबों की ताबीर हूँ ना मैँ जन्नत सी अब कोई तस्वीर हूँ जिसको मिलकर क़े सदियों से लूटा गया मैँ वो उजड़ी हुई एक जागीर हूँ हाँ मै कश्मीर हूँहाँ मै कश्मीर हूँ हॉं मैं कश्मीर हूँहॉं मैं कश्मीर हूँ ....
The person who says the right thing of Bhosari is called a dalla
When there are so many major changes in any system, some doubts are natural. Parents would think that if the children will get so much freedom, if the streams end, then how will they get admission in the college, what will be the career of PM
चीन ने सीमाओं पर मिसाइल तैनात कर दी हैं, संसद में हो चर्चा, PM दें जवाब  
अभिनंदन ने बीजेपी पर आरोप लगाते हुए बयान दिया है कि पुलवामा हमला बीजेपी की सोची समझी साजिश थी  
Sushant Singh was killed, Riya Chakraborty was arrested ... security was given to Kangana Ranaut, Lath is ringing in Shiv Sena and BJP…
The government should monitor the mentality of the students as SOP has completely failed in many examination centers. You have to stand with the students otherwise you will get a big shock.
There should also be a Human Rights Commission for the remaining Hindus in Pakistan.
अभी तक योगी जी विकास दुबे को क्यों नहीं पकड़ पाए केवल दो कारण हैं  या तो योगी सरकार दूबे से मिली हुई है और या घोर नकारा है। जनता पिस रही है।
आपातकालीन प्रतिक्रिया सेवा अटारी में चली गई फोटो किशोर, विजयवाड़ा
अहमदाबाद में आज कुछ गजब हो रहा है  सामान्य लोगों ने साबरमती को साफ़ रखने का निर्णय लिया है  दशमा माँ की मूर्तियों को विसर्जित करने की बजाए लोग उसे साबरमती के किनारे छोड़ कर जा रहे हैं  हज़ारों की संख्या में  अविश्वसनीय बदलाव 
आंध्र प्रदेश के तिरुमला मंदिर में एक गैर हिन्दू पुलिसकर्मी हिन्दू भक्तों को मार रहा है 
देश की गिरती अर्थव्यवस्था को लेकर रिजर्व बैंक के पूर्व गवर्नर रघुराम राजन ने मोदी सरकार को चेतावनी दी है।
The CBSE board is taking into consideration some additional technical aspects before finalizing the datesheet of the examinations, due to this, the datesheet of class X and X examination to be held today will now be announced by Monday 18052020.
. ने वेबिनार श्रृंखला के अंतर्गत कल “हम्पीअतीत से प्रेरित भविष्य की ओर अग्रसर” नामक एक वेबिनार का आयोजन किया 
   साहेब को विपक्ष मुक्त भारत, पत्नी मुक्त जीवन बच्चे मुक्त आँगन, प्रश्न मुक्त संसद, सवाल मुक्त मिडिया, ऑडिट मुक्त फंड और…
Dancing dance is broken by tabalchi, don't know why
इतिहासकार राना सफ़वी ने कहा की राखी मुग़लों ने इज़ाद की है 
The Ministry of Labor and Employment is giving lakh rupees to every laborer who has worked between
फैसला सुनाने के बाद बोले जस्टिस अरुण मिश्रा, शिवजी की कृपा से ये आखिरी फैसला भी हो गया. 
Hope you may hear about flash floods… .. Now you can see live… .. two minutes flash floods at gourikund… .. On the way to kedarnath yesterday… .. Washed away big stones .. thats nature…
In the guise of the inspector, the city's thief turned out to be Takhtanshi, the most vulnerable was Himanshu Srivastava
Prashant Bhushan, convicted of contempt, said, "I will pay a fine of Rs, but also have the right to challenge"
कुंए के मेढक को लगता है दुनिया इत्ती ही बड़ी है , इकोनॉमिक्स का abcd नही पता है लेकिन GDP पर ज्ञान दे रहे है ।
भारत पर चीनी आक्रमण कहनेवाला कोई चाईना का दलाल हि हो सकता है , उस दलाल को गलवान में से अधिक चीनी सैनिकों के शव नहीं दिखते 
गोडसे सावरकर मैं समलैंगिक संबंध थीं उसके वेशभूषा में आए हो कहीं समलैंगिक तो नहीं हो
नमाज़ की तुलना भजन से ना करें क्योंकि सुर में गाने और मुंह फाड़ कर चिल्लाने में बहुत फर्क है  जय श्री राम
प्रदेश में सर्विलांस टीम के माध्यम से क्षेत्रों में टीम दिवस के माध्यम से घरों के लोगों का सर्वेक्षण किया गया है ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
Corona infection is increasing in this district of Uttarakhand, police administration is engaged in such a deal
IPL2020 की प्रमुख प्रायोजक एक चीनी कंपनी। किसी की शहादत, किसी की भावना, किसी की मुनाफाखोरी। ना बाप बड़ा, ना भैया, सबसे बड़ा रुपय्या
लखनऊ बीजेपी प्रदेश उपाध्यक्ष पंकज सिंह कोरोना पॉजिटिव, ट्वीट कर दी जानकारी
आज बैतूल की आमला विधानसभा व मुरैना जिले में AAP कार्यकर्ताओं द्वारा ऑक्सीजन जाँच अभियान चलाया गया।
Elephants do not die due to bitches
विपक्ष के पास कोई जमीनी मुद्दा नहीं है वह सिर्फ जातिवाद फैला कर अपनी जमीन हासिल करना चाहता है पर जनता है कि योगी जी के साथ खड़ी है
बॉलीवुड एक्टर सुशांत सिंह राजपूत सुसाइड केस में सीबीआई पहली बार रिया चक्रवर्ती से पूछताछ कर रही है.
पहले विश्व सौर प्रौद्योगिकी शिखर सम्मेलन का बड़ा एजेंडा नवीन और नवीनकरणीय ऊर्जा मंत्रालय, विश्व बैंक और अंतर्राष्ट्रीय सौर संगठन के मध्य एक समझौते सहित चार भागीदारी समझौतों पर हस्ताक्षर किए जाएंगे
I get at least ten calls a day and people abuse me and the school and want to know the name of the teacher who beat the students. When I tell them that the videos are fake and not from our school, they refuse to believe it
CM Thakur said that Kangana plans to go to Mumbai on September and the government is committed to provide security to Himachal's daughter Kangana Ranaut
Please take necessary action with immediate cognizance.
The impact of Babita Payal was reduced, so the crazy Kangana has been brought by BJP to entertain blind devotees.
Union Minister Prahlad Joshi speaks on border dispute, Congress's 'failure' on current situation on LAC
मास्क एटिकेट क्या हैं    
कल की पत्रकार वार्ता की कुछ खबरें। . . . . . .
सुशांत के लिए ड्रग्स मंगवाती थी रिया NCB की पूछताछ में ड्रग्स का कबूलनामा
कोरोना वायरस की वजह से राज्य में पिछले महीने से शराब परोसने पर प्रतिबंध लगा था.
Jumle was in the habit, now where did development come from? If the country forgets the development, then Modi ji is blessed.
Lo Bay Sprinkle Proof… ..How Bani Bhi Bacha …… ..How Tomato Baked without Chutney Another caption is that the Congress slaves are enjoying the sight of their Rajmata in secret. … .. Share Modi devotees
Ask for employment, we are written as traitors, Modi, in your rule, we are written to waste ourselves, you are childless, where do you know the youth of unemployment is young but now home is written as a joke
Market bounce after four consecutive days of fall, Sensex bounce points to close
यूपी ग्रेटर नोएडा में खेलखेल में बच्ची से चली गोली, तीन बच्चे घायल, एक की हालत नाजुक
प्रसिद्ध होना का आसान तारिका हिंदूओं के भगवान का मज़ाक़ बनाया जाए , उनकी भावनाओं के साथ खिलवाड़ किया जाए कल हीर खान थी आज शुषमिता सिंहा ... जब तक सख़्त क़ानून नही बनेगा ये गंदगी चलती रहेगी... कठोर कार्रवाई , कठोर क़ानून आवश्यक है 
Badminton player engaged to this actor on his birthday, see photos
बचपन में सुना था जो गरजते हैं वो बरसते नहीं, अब मालूम हो रहा है सच िकासगायबहै
According to Sushant Singh's gymartner, Karan Johar, Bollywood's Bollywood director, had to scrap the live film Sushant and according to its unilateral agreement, Sushant was required to be banned from the big banner films.
   मेरे प्यारे बेरोजगार युवा साथियो,आज सितम्बर है आज एक बार फिर से सोशल मीडिया के माध्यम से सरकार की नींद तोड़ने का पुरजोर…
India and China soldiers clash again on the border
Details of the ASEAN India Economic Minister consultation meeting organized
केन्द्रीय मंत्रिमंडल ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति श्री प्रणब मुखर्जी के दुखद निधन पर शोक व्यक्त किया है। श्री मुखर्जी की स्मृति में मंत्रिमंडल के सभी सदस्यों ने दो मिनट का मौन भी रखा।
The Congress on Monday organized a campaign for Bapu's Karmabhoomi Champaran, which the party has named the Kranti Mahasammelan.
यू़जीसी ने फर्स्ट और सेकंड ईयर के छात्रों की परीक्षा आयोजित कराने के आदेश जारी कर दिए हैं।
गृह मंत्रालय ने सभी राज्यों को स्कूल खोलने की परमिशन दी
Public rejects JDU's virtual rally, Abhishek Jha reports about Bihar's issues
Biting dogs is not anti-Modi but anti-country. Because the Modi government of BJP is doing the job of keeping the robbers in every way.
In the English schools of the country, a direct indirect campaign is being conducted to wash the brain of the students. In most schools, there is a system of punishing the pure Indian tradition of having informal conversations in Hindi, like applying henna in hand.
After eight months, Dr. Kafeel Khan came out of Mathura jail, thanked everyone with folded hands
संक्रमण से बचाव के लिए सावधानी बरतिए, अपने हाथों को साबुन व पानी से बारबार धोते रहिए, लोगों से दो गज की दूरी बनाकर रखिए, अपने मुंह और नाक को रूमाल, गमछे, दुपट्टे आदि से ढककर रखिए ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
The Joint Entrance Examination for admission to reputed engineering colleges in the country is starting from today. Lakhs of candidates have registered their names for this entrance examination to be held from today to September in centers across the country.
संजय राउत ने जवाब दिया, आप महाराष्ट्र की बेइज्ज़ती करने की कोशिश कर रही हैं. इसके पीछे ज़रूर किसी पॉलिटिकल पार्टी या केंद्र की ताकत उन्हें सपोर्ट कर रही है.
वास्तविक जीवन उत्परिवर्ती आइश घोष से मिलिए, वह महिला जो किसी भी सामान्य इंसान की तुलना में जल्दी ठीक हो जाती है।
इस वीडियो को देखकर दिवंगत अभिनेता के प्रशंसक आश्चर्यचकित हैं. एक यूजर ने कमेंट किया, वह बेहद प्रतिभाशाली थे. काश वह वापस आ सकते.
Tell the public voice by tweeting with us LIVE
Inflation begins with the rise in petrol prices, petrol reached Rs per liter in Delhi
No sterilization of stray dogs but need to be shot or else dog bitch puppies will make hell apply to India number law SUPPO NRC UCC
इन सबमें कुछ भी अनर्गल नहीं है. साला लेके रहेंगे आज़ादी भी बहुत हरामजादी चीज है. एक नई सभ्यता जनम ले रही है पुरानी की थाली में छेद करके.
केंद्र में फिल्म मंत्रालय बने और उसकी मंत्री कंगना रनौत बने यही समय की मांग है,, कौनकौन सहमत है मेरी बात से 
ीरखान उर्फ़ परी खान को जल्द ही Arrest करें कहीं वो Pregnant न हो जाएं Grimacing faceGrimacing face ोचिंगThinking face
Some villagers have been trying to call the dead mangoes as emali, and the people of Honor Bhodi are not accepting the falling economy, such people are from the main gate…
   करोड़ो युवा बेरोजगार क्यो हो गए जीडीपी माइनस में क्यो चली गई नोटबंदी से लेकर तालाबंदी क्यो फेल हुई यह कोई नहीं जानना चा…
मध्यप्रदेश के गुना के बाद गुजरात  गुजरात के बनासकांठा जिले के धानेरा तहसील के रवि गांव के पिंटू गलचर नाम के वर्षीय युवक की कल रात हत्या कर दी गई। साफ दिख रहा है कि हत्या के बाद उसे निर्वस्त्र करके घसीटा गया है। जब तक तमाम दोषियों की गिरफ्तारी नहीं होती हम चैन से बैठेंगे नही
Youngsters and students who appeared for SSC and Railway recruitment exams, shouted out, the campaign was included in Twitter's worldwide trend list, what will the government listen to in this podcast.
दिन की अहम ख़बरें  पीएम  राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति, देश की नीति  पोषण माह की आज से हुई शुरुआत  देश के कई शहरों में मेट्रो सेवा बहाल  कोविड19  भारत में रिकवरी रेट बढ़कर 
These second phase examinations are to be held from September. The examinations will be open book. This means that students can take help of books or notes while answering.
पतंग के साथ हवा में उड़ती बच्ची का वीडियो सोशल मीडिया पर वायरल हो रहा है.
पूरी मीडिया उसके साथ खड़ी है उसकी झूठ को भी सच साबित कर देगी पूरी सिस्टम उसके साथ खड़ी है न्यायपालिका साथ खड़ी है मैंने अपनी पूरी जिंदगी में नहीं सुना सर्विस आवर में कोई डीजीपी घंटों किसी न्यूज़ चैनल पर बात करते हुए बिहार में चार मुद्दा बेरोजगारी शिक्षा स्वास्थ्य भ्रष्टाचार
Horror news - Rohingya eating the mass of Hindus, their case of Mewat, news may disturb Rohingya Muslims eating Hindus in India
प्रणब मुखर्जी एक नजर पूर्व राष्ट्रपति के जीवन पर, इंदिरा गांधी ने इंप्रेस होकर राजनीति में दिलाई थी एंट्री
दैनिक भास्कर के रिपोर्ट के अनुसार नेपाल ने एकड़ भारत की जमीन कब्जा कर लिया। इतना असुरक्षित भारत कभी नही हुआ
Fall and trend began to prevail on the students of Twitter, the figures beat the inch of the chest, the NSA removed, what people said
See, being an encounter with a live terrorist ... I made this video from Gaffar Market, outside you are watching the camera man and the police are grabbing the terrorist from inside ... Maybe it can have a weapon or a bomb He is bringing this from the gaffar market from the basement parking ... He has just shot a band ... He has sealed the gaffer market at Karol Bagh.
पिता संग खराब थे सुशांत सिंह राजपूत के रिश्ते रिया चक्रवर्ती के इस दावे पर सवाल खड़े कर रहा यह वायरल वीडियो
How did the leaders make this Hindustan, even lifeless buildings were converted to Hindu Muslims. AgreeRetweet Follow .... Me
Thousands of students across the country have been infected with Kovid 19. In view of this, the Central Education Department has decided that now the schools will be opened.
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी का अंतिम संस्कार आज नई दिल्ली में पूरे राजकीय सम्मान के साथ किया गया
छोड़ना को पड़ेगा काफी महंगा, जानिए कितनी है उनकी सैलरी जो अब नहीं मिलेगी 
सचिन पायलेट को बीजेपी ने ऑफर दिया था विधायक लाने के लिए। लेकिन गए सिर्फ इसीलिए बीजेपी ने मना कर दिया अब पायलेट साहब का प्लेन लैंडिंग ही नहीं हो रहा
Since September, district-wise Oximeter distribution work is going on in the state office Bhopal as part of the preparations to carry out oxygen testing campaign in almost places in the state. . . .
PUBG की जगह अक्षय का FAUGपबजी पर बैन के दो दिन में अक्षय कुमार ने की फौजी गेम लाने की घोषणा रेवेन्यू का  फौजियों के ट्रस्ट को जाएगा
The bitch can only bark.
There is probably no penalty or punishment for keeping a donkey or keeping it in the house ... Only then the Congress party and Congress leaders are keeping a donkey, and they wish that the same donkey be given the command of the country ... But the people of the country are not asses, so the people are with the Modi government
I am coming to such an angle that instead of solving the issue, it is getting entangled
Pangong Lake, which is part of China, is now captured by the Indian Army.
A strange big fish-like animal with a human head and hands, has been found somewhere, can't understand what it is, or a morphed video please
Sanjit Yadav's assassination is the result of collusion of police and criminals, the family was repeatedly threatened with money over phone calls. Nakara policemen got lakhs of rupees and Sanjit was killed too, calling Yogi's Raj too wild. Is "here is the rule of criminals, not of law"
Farewell to former President Pranab Mukherjee, funeral today
Estimates of GDP Growth Decline
It is not worthy to be called an MP, shove the brother-in-law out of the shoes, such an ineffective Kajriwal has filled the party in the party, the brother-in-law is the brother-in-law, shove it out of the Parliament House. Janjinghgundahai
The time for Shraddha is going on, it seems Sanjay Raut of Shraddha Rahul of Congress and Shraddha of Shiv Sena will take power.
Said, on one date all temples will be opened, on the date we will call for opening of all mosques. If the government permits, it is fine, otherwise we will offer Namaz on the road.
BJP नेता राम माधव ने तिब्बती जवान नीमा तेन्जिन को अंतिम विदाई दी. कभी गुप्त समूह रहे SFF के कमांडो थे.
Javed Jafri tweeted and defended the seller selling vegetables by spitting
Massive vaccination of children, doctors warn more fatal than COVID19, if ...
रिया चक्रवर्ती को मुंबई पुलिस की सुरक्षा और पालघर में सन्तों की खुलेआम हत्या..महाराष्ट्र पुलिस को शर्म आनी चाहिए।
बहुत क्रांतिकारी है साला 
This morning, the oxygen investigation campaign was conducted with the Bhopal District Organization Minister in Kanhasaiya Gram Panchayat of Huzur Vidhan Sabha.
 संक्रमितों का आंकड़ा लाख के करीब, पिछले घंटे में नए मामले सामने आए
This broker is a fucker
शानदार सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने जो पांच एकड़ जमीन दी थी, सुन्नी वक्फ़ बोर्ड ने लिया फैसला,उस पर बनेगा बाबरी हास्पिटल जो AIIMS के बराबर मुफ्त सुविधा देगा. जाने माने डाक्टर को इस अस्पताल का प्रसासक बनाया जा सकता है.
देखिए दिल्लीनोएडा के ऑटो चालकों का Zee News ने किस तरह किया धन्यवाद
The caravan continues to grow, sure the floor is near.
CBI has not found evidence of murder yet How Sushant died after all
Case of outstanding Adjusted gross revenue AGR payment. Telecom companies get relief. The Supreme Court gave the telecom companies the time of year for AGR payments. The court said that the percentage of dues should be paid by March.
I will communicate digitally with traders in Delhi on Sunday, August evening. This may include any trader. Will understand your problems and discuss solutions.
SC intervenes in drama, asks speaker to take decision on MLAs resigning today Read news report
Quality higher educational institutions are to be set up in Aspirational Districts and Special Educational Zones. This will be an important step in the interest of socially and economically disadvantaged groups.
भारतीय राजनीति में करीब पांच दशक लंबे सफर में प्रणब मुखर्जी ने जिस तरह की स्वीकार्यता हासिल की थी, वो कम ही लोगों को नसीब होती है. पढ़ें नेटवर्क18 समूह के मैनेजिंग एडिटर ब्रजेश कुमार का ब्लॉग..
राष्ट्रपति रामनाथ कोविंद, उपराष्ट्रपति एम वेंकैया नायडू, प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी और तीनों सेनाओं के प्रमुखों ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी के अंतिम दर्शन किए और उन्हें श्रद्धांजलि अर्पित की
BJP spokesperson and Congress spokesperson clash with each other, see Labol
State Congress president Ajay Kumar Lallu taken in UP custody, was going to meet farmers in Ayodhya
पालतू जानवरों जैसे बिल्लियों या कुत्तों द्वारा इंसानो में फैल सकता है 
The year the Mughals ruled, no Hindu came in danger 200 years. The British Christian looted the country, no Hindu came in danger. The year Congress and 15 years ruled no Hindu, but a Hindu came into danger as a hypocrite came to power. Heresy is the danger
The damsel who is dancing and beating is the brother-in-law of the bjp or the brother-in-law of our Chicha
One nation cannot listen to the national anthem of a second… and they want us to listen to their voice every minute of the day throughout the day on the mic too
. Utilizing ready-to-use solar power to produce all of its energy consumption needs of up to billion units will accelerate the railway's mission of achieving the goal of becoming a 'net zero carbon emission railway'
में मुंबई इंडियंस टीम के रिजॉर्ट में रोहित शर्मा की नन्ही परी ने गाया गाना, सोशल मीडिया पर वीडियो हुआ वायरल
   बीएमसी कंगना के अवैध निर्माण को गिरा रही है कंगना मुम्बई को पीओके बता रही है जनता को बहुत मज़ा आ रही है क्योंकि मीडिया…
The color of the burqa is also black, because the black handiwork has to be hidden
सुशांत की ऑटोप्सी केस में सख्त MSHRC, कूपर अस्पताल के डॉक्टरमुंबई पुलिस को किया तलब
This country is our Kangana Ranaut's mess with the government
Sensex Nifty Today सेंसेक्स तो निफ्टी अंक की बढ़त के साथ बंद हुआ
पहचानने वालों को तोपों की सलामी या पहचानने वालों को तोपों की सलामी। कुछ मूर्ख इसे माता कह कर पुकारते है तो पिता कौन बताना पड़ेगा......
आप भी अचार्य जी बच्चे की तरह बात कर रहे हैं सुशांत मुद्दा नहीं है मुद्दा है शिवसेना को बर्बाद बदनाम करना इसके लिए न्यायपालिका भी काम में लगी हुई है मीडिया भी लगी हुई है सीबीआई ईडी भी लगी हुई है देश की मुद्दे से ध्यान भटकाने है महीना से तो यही खेल चल रही है
Tight security at the residence of Maharashtra CM Matoshree after a call in Dawood's name
Those who are expressing great concern about the law and order of Uttar Pradesh, in fact, these people are the biggest threat to the law and order. Statistics show that today's Uttar Pradesh is much quieter than the year before. There is a continuous decline in the crime rate in the state.
China's action blown out of India's action in Pangong, via statement issued in hours
After a few days, the wheels of Delhi Metro stopped, the faces of the passengers were bright
कट गई पतंग सब डोर देखते रह गए, गिर गई GDP सब मोर देखते रह गए।
आज का सुविचार
राष्ट्रपति, उपराष्ट्रपति और प्रधानमंत्री ने प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन पर शोक व्यक्त किया Telegram
स्वस्थ समाज की कुंजी खानपान के प्रति जागरूकता है। कुपोषण से मुक्ति के लिए बच्चों के साथसाथ महिलाओं के स्वास्थ्य की सुरक्षा भी आवश्यक है। सुपोषित उत्तर प्रदेश के निर्माण के लिए पोषण अभियान को एक जनांदोलन का स्वरूप देना होगा। उत्तम पोषणउत्तर प्रदेश रोशन
PM like Modi like Amit Shah like HM and Yogi ji like CM Ufff ... We really have sympathy with you people.
Today another bank Gaya Lakshmi Vilas Bank branches and ATMs were closed year old bank. Good days
Policemen in national capital are now becoming the victim of general public anger
अगस्त में बेरोजगारी दर फीसदी दर्ज की गई.
After stuttering in the beginning, with the help of 85 runs, Australia gave England a target of 4 runs.
PM Modi has today called the women MPs of the JJP for breakfast. For the last few days, he is constantly meeting MPs in different groups like this.
Ladakh, the peak on which the Indian army tried to seize China, failed, how important is that peak
National Nutrition Week to control obesity and diabetes, then start taking sugarfree diet, consuming more sugar than calories daily increases the risk of diseases
 राजनाथ सिंह के बेटे व नोएडा विधायक पंकज सिंह हुए कोरोना पॉजिटिव
Sister Neetu Singh knew about Sushant's health condition, WhatsApp chat with actor's manager
विकास दुबे के खजांची जय बाजपेई समेत अपराधियों की अवैध संपत्ति जब्त करने की तैयारी कर रही है पुलिस
मामा जी के राज में भ्रष्टाचारी रास्तों की लगी है झड़ी, और वाॅशिंगटन से अच्छी मख़मली सड़क कर लो घड़ी। भजपा के सामने भ्रष्टाचार के सारे रिकॉर्ड लजाते हैं , मामाजी जाते जाते तथाकथित विकास को घड़ी कर साथ लिए जाते हैं ।
Under the distribution of relief material, food grains kit and meter tarpaulin have been distributed so far, Relief Commissioner, Mr. Sanjay Goyal
Somebody has rightly said that the ghee of the dog is not digested, no matter how big the birthright people get the status of a born person or they get a chance to sit in a holy place like Parliament, they will do what they do in the streets.
माननीय जी के आव्हान पर प्रदेश अध्यक्ष जी के नेतृत्व में प्रदेश के हर हिस्से में जारी है ऑक्सीजन जांच अभियान।
बॉलीवुड के एक्टर और हज कर चुके आमिर खान ने हक़ीक़त में गरीब लोगों तक मदद पहुंचाने का अनोखा तरीक़ा निकाला वो एक ट्रक भर कर आटे की थैली लेकर एक मोहल्ले में गए और लोगों को घरों से बुलवाया और ये कहलवाया के सिर्फ kg ही आटा मिलेगा... जो सच मे किलो आटे के भी मोहताज थे वो आ गए, सबको किलो आटे वाली थैली पकड़ा दी गई जब सबने घर जाकर आटे के पैकेट खोले तो उसमें रुपये भी थे... वाक़ई में ज़रूरतमंदों के दिल से जो दुआ निकली होगी उसका कोई भी मोल नही लगा सकता....
People see that they want to take the country in the direction of the slogan of Pakistan Zindabad in Mumbai;
This little beautiful girl was seen in Mangalore with a group of Tamil beggars. Please proceed until it reaches the right parent and is identified. She knows her name and says that she is Sonal Bipin Patel.
Coronavirus cases increased so much due to shoes in Italy
यूपी भाजपा विधायक की बेटी ने हाईकोर्ट से सुरक्षा मांगी, अदालत ने कहा जुलाई को पेश हों
ैयाजीकहिन हारेगा हर बाज़ी अब, चीन सुन ले ध्यान से
In the Hauz Qazi area of ​​Old Delhi, the police arrested six Bajrang Dal activists on charges of vandalizing a temple last month.
The housewife is also required and the sister-in-law is also a little like this, the temple did not ask for a ruckus on GDP
A junior doctor with a foot on the patient's bed. This is the position of junior doctor
पाकिस्तान स्टॉक एक्सचेंज के अनुसार, सरकार ने अर्थव्यवस्था को पटरी पर ला दिया है, जिसका महत्वपूर्ण संकेत शेयर बाज़ार में होने वाली वृद्धि है.
हिन्दुस्तान का सबसे डरा हुआ नागरिक नसीरुद्दीन शाह की तबियत बिगड़ी है भाइयो दुआ करो की जल्द ही मरे।
Periyar was forced to eat leftover food from the streets, he was refused food because he was a Shudra in Kashi, Uttar Pradesh. A Shudra Shrami who eats food leftover from a religious ceremony in Uttar Pradesh 2019, Kashi, the year of independence, is officially called Varanasi and is an important Hindu pilgrimage site.
अब वोह दिन दुर नही, जब हमको ये सुनने को मिलेगा मुंबई की ज़मीन जायदाद पर पेहला हक रोहोंगिया मुसलमानों और बाँग्लादेशी घुसपैठियो का
Former President Pranab Mukherjee dies, son tweeted information
सोशल मीडिया पर एक्टिव प्रधानमंत्री मोदी मन की बात पर डिस्लाइक देख क्या सोचते होंगे क्या कुछ करेंगे अपनी राय हमें कॉमेंट्स में बताएं.
The Maharashtra government has extended its earlier order to secure beds in private hospitals and nursing homes in the state for treatment of Ovid 19 for three months.
Lok Sabha made history, read the proceedings of the House for the longest time in the last year
Maharaj ji, if thousands of workers are your supporters, then Guna… If even a few remaining supporters have to call, then it is even more shocking.
यह रोहिंग्या मुस्लिम लड़की यहाँ से यहाँ कैसे पहुंची  सब कुछ प्रायोजित था  नज़दीक से फ़ोटो लेना और उसे वायरल करना  पर गूगल ने पोल खोल दी 
Shiv Sena MP Priyanka Chaturvedi angry over Kangana getting security
देश में गज़ब चुतियापा छाया है, जिन पर एक इंच कृषि जमीन नहीं वो साले किसानों के हमदर्द बने फिर रहे हैं,जिन पर आ,आ,आ,ई,क,ख,ग,घ,च,तक नहीं आते वो शिक्षा नीति को अमेरिका, जापान, और इंग्लैंड जैसी बनाने की बात कर करते है,,,,अबे  ला मेरा 
शाहीन बाग दुसरा GB road है बस रेट फिक्स है ₹
Allahabad High Court ordered the immediate release of Dr. Kafeel Khan
िल्ली के मुख्यमंत्री जी का दिल से धन्यवाद जिन्होंने िराड़ी विधानसभा को ंदन बना दिया। यह देखिए किस प्रकार एक पूरा परिवार ंदन की गली में बैठकर  गरमा गरम चाय और बिस्कुट का आनंद ले रहे है ेजरीवाल जी इससे अच्छे दिन मत दिखाना
बिहार कांग्रेस ने किया साफ महागठबंधन में जो ज्यादा सीट जीतेगा उसी पार्टी का होगा मुख्यमंत्री
The man, who has come a long way in India's politics for six decades, breathed his last at the military hospital in the capital Delhi.
This is a boy of an army soldier. His father was killed in an operation against terrorists. Now this child is studying in a boarding army public school. See his confidence. This is a special beautiful video.
Delhi: Archit said that after taking the exam, social distancing was taken care of. He said, after the release of the admit card, it was known that the examination will not be postponed, Anup Pandey
Husband traveled km with scooter to reach exam center
Charlie Peng, who runs the hawala network, shook the dust in the eyes of agencies. He was running a hawala network worth thousands of crores by forming a shell company.
The brigade-level talks, the military's eye on China's antics in Ladakh, Russia gave good news, Corona vaccine will be available to common people from this week, read the big headlines of the country
Shankar Iyer is stating the need for partnership, not subordination on the contraction of the economy
"Shoot the clutches of the country, shoot the people", Anurag Thakur has become the same saying, "Come ox, kill me" Indian people crooning BJP ministers
What is happening in Maharashtra, the same happens with the tribals, then what do you say, the broker asks the media India
After the removal of Anwash Pandey, see his happiness.
कोरोना और BJP दोनों खतरनाक वायरस है.. एक शरीर के लिए घातक है दूसरा राष्ट्र के लिए  ाहीनबागकोआपकीजरूरतहै
The Covered Center was sitting overnight in a room with Jacques Marriage, but no staff came.
झूठे वादो के साथ ंजाब ्यप्रदेश ाजस्थान, ीसगढ़ राज्यो की सत्ता मे आई ाग्रेंस जब लोकसभा चुनावो के लिए वोट मांगने गए नेता तो जनता ने दौड़ा दौड़ा कर पीटाI
हिमाचल प्रदेश में जहां गाड़ी चलाना मुश्किल माना जाता है, वहां एक महिला बस चलाकर कई बैरिकेड हटा रही हैं...
In the money laundering case on Nizamuddin Markaz, the ED has raided the whereabouts of people associated with Tabligi Jamaat for the first time.
When sadhus and women are being killed, rapists are roaming free on the streets, then Narendra Modi wanted to portray the agenda of Hindutva and development as his agenda… I believe Narendra Modi is not a development man, Destruction is great They have ruined Gujarat. In the remaining part of the video, Bharti is heard narrating Narendra Modi and his Gujarat development model.
मेरे गीत संग्रह एलेन से हूं बैनचो से एक गीत गुलज़ार के फूफा के कुछ अंश जीवन को नया मोड़ दो। मदिरा पीना छोड़ दो। मंत्रालय पे ध्यान दो। कविता लिखना छोड़ दो।
Kumar Vishwas said on the sentence of Prashant Bhushan in the contempt case ... deposit one rupee as four fifty rupees
Please check and take necessary action.
We lost a friend of ours in Jamia protest, brutal killing by Delhi Police. Shakir from Kota Rajasthan.
Justice will bring Sushant to the country, tweet at LIVE
Worshiping Bhumi by wearing a sandal shoe is Modi, it is possible that fake Ram devotees
   मैंने बरस भिक्षा मांग कर खाई है और जाते जाते अच्छेअच्छो के हाथ मे कटोरा ना पकड़ा जॉऊ तो नाम बदल देना
Breaking PM Modi's one-and-a-half the popularity of Goddess Shakti, Goddess Shakti and PM Narendra Modi's most popular, favorite person and politician so far in human history, a moment of pride for Indians in the world.
Stay mentally focused on positive positives during Ovid 19 Do not discuss who became ill and how. Instead find out who healed and emerge from the disease.
Irfan Pathan has given his reaction when out of Se.
In Bhadohi, UP, the woman threw her five children into the river due to lack of food
You are right, this is the government of Jumlo, they do not know how to work;
The English edition of the Marathi daily Lokmat has recently published an article claiming that a Chinese intelligence officer has leaked details of coronavirus outbreaks due to bioweapon biological weapons.
Video of police entering a house and beating women in black t-shirt and khaki trousers
Now-a-days, Amitabh Salman Kapoor family is quiet, whether it is a matter of drugs or Sushant's brother-in-law, he has come to power….
Some people entered the house and beat Alka Lamba
....से सम्बन्धित परास्नातक के छात्रों को अनुमति होगी किन्तु ऐसा कोविड19 के दृष्टिगत परिस्थितियों के मूल्यांकन के सम्बन्ध में उच्चशिक्षा विभाग और गृहमंत्रालय के मध्य विचारविमर्श के उपरान्त ही होगा ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
In the year, Charley Hebdo's office was attacked.
I did not see a single girl trapped in love jihad. Everyone appeared well educated. Where is the fault in education or rituals
BJP leader Kirit Soumeya's big charge, Uddhav government was suppressing investigation in Sushant case
Corona's double rate has now crossed the day in Delhi. This is a good sign for us. The condition of Delhi is getting better with the hard work of millions of people of Delhi.
Nations including the USA and UK want Narendra Modi as the leader of the task force to combat the coronovirus epidemic. A proud moment for India. We have faith in Modi and India will definitely win this battle.
माँ भारती की सेवा में निरंतर रत आदरणीय गृह मंत्री श्री जी के कोविड संक्रमण के उपरांत स्वस्थ होने पर शुभकामनाएं। आपकी जिजीविषा एवं जीवटता के सम्मुख कोरोना संक्रमण का पराजित होना सुनिश्चित था। आप स्वस्थ रहें, सानन्द रहें, यही कामना है। जीवेम शरद शतम्
 15 अगस्त स्वतंत्रता दिवस के अवसर पर तिरंगे को छोड़कर,भीमटो ने नीला झंडा फहराया,पुलिस पहुंच गई और अपना डंडा लहराने लगी। 
जुआरियों को पुलिस ने किया, हजार की नगदी, ताश के पत्ते बरामद, मोबाइल और बाइकें की बरामद, सूचना मिलते ही जुआरी हुए फरार, रजपुरा पुलिस ने देबरा भूड़ से पकड़ा।
आरा JDU नेता ने यूनिवर्सिटी में घुसकर की प्रोफेसर की पिटाई, जानें क्या है पूरा मामला विशाल कुमार की रिपोर्ट
लोग पहले कोविड पॉज़िटिव हो चुके थे, फिर ठीक हो गए. इनमें से लोगों में एंटीबॉडी नहीं मिली. जानकारों का मानना है कि कोरोना से पैदा हुई रोगप्रतिरोधक क्षमता कुछ ही देर के लिए शरीर में मौजूद थी. ये रोग प्रतिरोधक क्षमता शायद कुछ दिनों बाद शरीर से चली गयी.
मिशन मोड पर ने पिछले वर्ष के अगस्त महीने की तुलना में इस साल की समान अवधि में अधिक माल ढुलाई की अगस्त में ने कुल मिलियन टन माल ढुलाई की जो पिछले साल की समान अवधि की तुलना में मिलियन टन अधिक है विवरण
The murder of a young man, the sensation caused by the murder incident, the villagers surrounded a rogue, the police reached the spot, the case of Rampur Bangra of Taraya Sujan.
Do you know the first in India Sauri Babu Edwina spoke to Lehru ji, because Lehru ji was also a big knotty ..
The situation in our country is satisfactory only due to the timely decisions taken by the respected PM Shri Ji in view of security in the horrors of Corona. In this disaster, your government has ensured the safety of your health as well as your social and economic security. Jai Hind
Everyone has got employment ... Send Lahnat to the government ... One area was running fine, it also started taking a lot ... This bastard regrets the country by giving the reins to the Sanghis ...
Seeing those who beat the drum of Dalit Muslim unity by raising the slogan of Jai Bhim Jai Mim, Muslims did not leave Baba Saheb Ambedkar in Delhi Seelampur.
The Modi government continues to cause problems one after the other. Locked down in a gap of an hour, the amp is now undergoing a JEENEET exam in the time of tightness. Make the public so upset that living will start to understand the big thing.
Out of the total crore checks, India has done more than one crore checks in the last two weeks, more than one million tests done in the last hours. States / UTs have better TPM than national average
He did not learn to play mulla knots and crosses. He is teaching the comparative superiority of Islam over Hindutva to Muslim girls in Islamic school.
Due to the Kovid 19 social distancing norms and other corona related protocols, the remains of the former president will be moved to horse van instead of normal gun carriage, all guidelines issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs will be followed.
मायावती, अखिलेश, लालू, कुमारस्वामी और चंद्रबाबू नायडू को रोड पर लाने के बाद कांग्रेस की नजर अब  शिवसेना पर है.
On the call of Honorable Chief Minister Mr. Oxygen Testing Campaign, a countrywide campaign is being conducted by AAP workers and all of them are being addressed by the name Oximitra. Deputy Speaker Santosh Verma in Sihora Assembly
Sushant case NCB gets Deepesh Sawant remand till September
Bihar Board has extended the last date of application for admission in the 9th
सरकार इस साल अक्टूबर से अरुणोदय योजना लागू करने पर विचार कर रही है। वित्त मंत्री हिमंत बिस्वा सरमा ने कहा कि योजना के तहत लाभार्थी परिवारों को हर महीने रुपये दिए जाएंगे।
The UK's National Health Service will provide soup and shake for thousands of typing diabetics across England to lose weight for free.
India needs comprehensive changes in private data management via NITI Aayog
Sadly, it is not that religion is being practiced…. It is regrettable that it is being read and written blindly…
चीन के प्रधानमंत्री ने सारे मस्जिदों के ताला खोलने व नमाज़ व कूरान पढ़ने का आदेश जारी किया. कोरोना वायरस का इलाज सिर्फ कुरान में है.
 मास्क नहीं तो टोकेंगे ोरोना को रोकेंगे पब्लिक प्लेस पर मास्क का प्रयोग अनिवार्य। कोरोना को देनी है मात, तो करनी होगी एक नयी शुरआत। Via
The number of corona infections in the country has crossed lakhs. In the past hour, there have been new cases of infection while patients have died more. Total positive cases so far corrected: Death recovery rate so far
Silent brother-in-law, you have met the BJP inside, then that bull Sanjay Singh deliberately staged a gimmick in the Rajya Sabha yesterday so that the vote does not divide.
A joint team of police and excise team conducted raids in Lohra village, recovered liquor worth lakhs from the farm, detained the liquor smuggler from the spot, and absconded while firing on fellow police.
श्रुति मोदी के वकील का आरोप सुशांत की प्रॉपर्टी पर थी बहनों की नजर
‘फौदा’ के राइटर की ‘तेहरान’ का ट्रेलर आया ‘दी बैटमैन’ रॉबर्ट पैटिन्सन कोविड पॉजिटिव ‘दी लंचबॉक्स’ की स्क्रीनिंग पर अमेरिकी दर्शकों का इरफ़ान को सम्मान कंगना ने मुंबई को POK बताया तो बॉलीवुड ने मज़बूत जवाब दिया
The last farewell to Pranab da will be cremated in Delhi today with the LIVE Corona Protocol before the mortal remains will be laid at home for the tribute.
In Tamil Nadu, a Hindu man beheaded a Muslim because his daughter had eloped with the Muslim man. This disturbing surrender video was shot in September, in Karnataka's Mandya district, where a quarrel that ensued between two men turned violent when one made objectionable talk about the other's mother. Local police told Boom that both the victim and the attacker belonged to the Lingayat community.
हैदराबाद में डॉक्टर प्रियंका रेड्डी के साथ हुए बलात्कार और उसके बाद उसकी निर्ममता से हत्या के मामले में हिंदुस्तान के तथाकथित सेकुलरवादीयों का दल आज इसके खिलाफ़ आवाज़ उठाने में परहेज कर रहा है क्योंकि आरोपी मुसलमान और इलाका असदुद्दीन ओवैसी का बस इतना काफी है विरोध न करने के लिए
Prashant Bhushan's troubles increased, now Bar Council of India will take action
Now another big leader of Maharashtra, Vijay Vadettivar has launched a scathing attack on Kangana Ranaut.
Revenge celebration in Bihar mourning, truck rammed into hut during marriage ceremony, eight killed
It looks like a bastard
Big pig is brother-in-law
अंतरिक्ष राज्य मंत्री डॉ. जितेन्द्र सिंह ने कहा है कि चंद्रयान3 का प्रक्षेपण की शुरुआत में किया जा सकता है। चंद्रयान3 भी चंद्रयान2 की तरह ही होगा, उसमें लैंडर और रोवर शामिल होंगे लेकिन आर्बिटर नहीं होगा। फाइल फोटो
Union Minister for Environment, Forests and Climate Change addressing in the webinar on the first International Clean Air Day for Blue Skies WATCH LIVE
VodafoneIdea can make big announcements through a virtual conference today.
For appropriate action.
An innocent man is being harassed because his undisclosed wealth is more than crores of rupees, which is more than the GDP of the world, we are not left in the condition of giving the challenge now that if we can speak some corruption, then jailed Show by
The chairman of the power company has also praised the employees.
बुजुर्ग की हत्या से गांव में सनसनी, बुजुर्ग की गला रेतकर की गई निर्मम हत्या, हत्या कर गांव के बाहर फेंका गया शव, पुलिस मौके पर जांच में जुटी, महोली थाना इलाके का मामला।
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's mother Heeraben still takes autorickshaw to go to hospital
Your actions have become so bad, first you beat the retired general of the country with 10 goons and looted a lot of applause and now you are harassing the common citizen, Baby Penguin, be a little ashamed
Inspired by Sonu Sood, tribals did what governments could not do
अगर मोदी जी वादे के सच्चे होते , तो आज जशोदाबेन के भी बच्चे होते ।
SimplusJayim Shreeharan Karnataka Congress leader Farooq Imam Hussain exposing a Dalit woman
To provide relief to farmers during the Corona epidemic, the government procured wheat and sugarcane at record levels. To empower the farmers financially, ₹ 0202 thousand was transferred under PM Kisan Samman Nidhi.
देश की जानी मानी वकील इंदिरा जयसिंह और आनंद ग्रोवर के ठिकानों पर का छापा
Lis soldier beats a boy with sticks
Sanjay Singh stopped shouting in the eyes of the people, the birth of the Sangh branch of Kejriwal RSS, you are all fraud, you are all of the RSS BJP, the country understood that the people of Delhi could not understand this mistake.
महाराष्ट्र के गृह मंत्री ने कहा कि यदि कंगना यहां असुरक्षित महसूस करती हैं तो उन्हें यहां पर रुकने का कोई अधिकार नहीं है.
Nawaz has shared an anecdote of years old with the announcement of his next project. They are telling how they tried to meet Sudhir Mishra. I waited all day. But could not meet them.
Odisha Mahanadi floods, people killed, millions affected
Photos of mockery of democracy seen in Karnataka politics, BJP told black day report
Roadways bus and bike collision, bike rider killed, police sent bodies for postmortem, police involved in identification of both bodies, accident in Gangora of Ujhani Kotwali.
Unfollow both the bastards and unfollow Dogle
Devangana Kalitha, a member of women's organization Pinjra Tod Group, has got bail in a riot related case.
Kamina will be watching IPL
सेबी के नए नियम सितंबर से लागू, शेयर बाजार में निवेशकों के लिए नई व्यवस्था 
CM नीतीश कुमार ने पटना रिंग रोड परियोजना और निर्माणाधीन लेन गंगा पुल का किया निरीक्षण प्रकाश कुमार  की रिपोर्ट
थाना वृन्दावन क्षेत्र इमलीतला स्थित गौड़ीय मठ के साधुओँ में आपस में हुयी मारपीट करने वाले मुख्य अभियुक्त की गिरफ्तारी व पुलिस द्वारा की जा रही कार्यवाही के सम्बन्ध में क्षेत्राधिकारी सदर द्वारा दी गयी बाइट।
on  सिद्धार्थ पिठानी सीबीआई जांच में शामिल होने के लिए पहुंचे DRDO ऑफिस, देखिए रिपब्लिक भारत पर  YouTube live TV
The last prayer at the Babri Masjid, after this prayer, it will be given to the Hindu management in place of the mosque.
This simple ladyfinger can also save you from diabetes, know more similar benefits of ladyfinger
Other than Federer, Nadal and Novak Djokovic, no other player has ever won a Grand Slam. That is, the last Grand Slam title was named after the Big Three.
Those who consider the power as their property are forgetting that the people have chosen them on contract for the year. …
Ayushman Khurana's article is earning hugely in the second week as well, know the collection so far
Heard that Arvind Kejriwal is coronated Om Shanti Om Shanti Om Shanti
Price war between Reliance Jio and Airtel, affordable broadband service
बीजेपी का दावा है कि उसने ग्वालियरचंबल संभाग में कांग्रेस कार्यकर्ताओं को बीजेपी में शामिल करवाया है. कांग्रेस में तो हलचल इस बात की है कि उनके पास उस संभाग में इतनें कार्यकर्ता थे भी या नहीं.Thinking face
रामभक्त गोपाल शर्मा हिन्दुत्व आतंकवादि ने महज रुपये का कारतूस खर्च कर भविष्य में बीजेपी से विधानसभा चुनाव का टिकट कन्फर्म कर लिया
What are the precautions to be taken while working together in agricultural operations
China may be tempted to give up on the brink of starvation via growing population
चुप MC कहीं का, अनपढ़, गंवार कमीना, हरामखोर।
नीतीश कुमार का सुशासन पानी में तैर रहा है। मुजफ्फरपुर, भागलपुर, बिहार शरीफ और पटना को स्मार्ट सिटी बनाने की लिए चुना गया था जो आज भी बरसात के पानी जलभराव से परेशान है। बिहार का संकल्प, बदलाव ही विकल्प।
Two and a half year old child is singing Ram Bhajan, my country is changing
I am heartbroken now that people leave the social site here and they shout blankly, they do not see anything happening on the ground. Conflict means that you are struggling on social media from Parliament to the street, you are leaving two places empty. Important thing is from Parliament to the road
Scientists in Italy have found in their new research that there is no such virus as Kovid 19.
मंदिर में रमजान, इफ़्तार और नमाज़ का आयोजन तो हमेशा होता है  लेकिन मुसलमानों ने आज तक एक भी मज़्ज़िद में नवरात्री पूजा का आयोजन नहीं किया  मुझे शर्म आती है, क्या यह सेक्युलरिज़्म का ठेका सिर्फ़ हिन्दू भाइयों ने ले रखा है रुबिका लियाकत ने कहा मंदिर में रमज़ान तो होती है पर मस्जिद में नवरात्री नहीं
A three-year-old girl flew with the second kite of awe, the video went viral on social media
If such a bastard walks around wearing a police uniform, then there will be division, this tot wants to promote the thief party and nothing else
Our strategy to control Corona is right, will win the battle. Read the honorable Chief Minister Mr. Dainik Jagran's special conversation with Honorable Chief Minister on various issues
Happiest Minds IPO fully subscribed to Happiest Mind IPO
Tweet again on the LAC clash between the Indian army
This is a dangerous side effect of corona, which can irritate for a long time
Friends, everyone should stand together and whatever they are studying, because this government, we young students, are not listening to the unemployed and will not listen.
मित्रों, मजहब नहीं सिखाता,. आपस में बैर रखना,, अच्छा, तो नमाजी और काफिर में अंतर कौन सिखाता है भाई,... सीख उर्दू के शब्द अच्छे तो लगते हैं, पर ये होते झूठे व मक्कार हैं, जुमलों में और यथार्थ में अंतर होता है..
After the arrest of SSR Case Shauvikasamuel, the statement of lawyer Vikas Singh will come out with many more investigations
भारतीय जनता पार्टी भाजपा के कार्यकर्ताओं द्वारा सिख समुदाय के एक व्यक्ति को पीटा गया है ।
Team Jungpura has decided to donate an oximeter to commemorate the birthday of the honorable Chief Minister so that the lives of people can be saved in the Karona epidemic.
Every three months, the Congress party gets pregnant and gets admitted in the operation theater .. There is a lot of uproar that this time there will definitely be something, then the doctor comes out of the operation theater, removes his mask, removes the globs and says sorry just stomach. I had gas .. released ....
Department of Fertilizers, celebrating Swachhta Pakhwada from September to September, in view of the outbreak of Ovid 19 epidemic this year.
The wait is over, Samsung's new phone will be launched in India on September, mAh battery will be available
Rahul Gandhi gave a statement before the Prime Minister elections, Congress is the party of Muslims, then BJP in MP on Dalit farmer…
People are stealing in homes to become high alert home affairs officials
Corona cases in Delhi have increased slightly in the last few days, although the rest of the figures are under control. Testing will be double in Delhi in the coming days. Press conference LIVE
Corona epidemic: India overtakes Brazil in cases of infection
No one can privatize the railway, no such plan of the government, Railway Minister Piyush Goyal.
These are Sakshi Mishra's husband, a weak and very straightforward person who is trembling in fear. Oh yes, I forgot one thing, they are also Dalits. May God give such a husband to all his daughters, to whom these good-hearted people feel good…
Knowledge of both scripture and weapons is the identity of Hindutva. Wake up, wake up Hindu, never be late. Jai Shree Ram
A brother who raped a boar of a year old girl in Barabanki, cut his entire body with a knife on the middle road….
Deputy CM and Health Minister Nitin Patel denied this
Merge bank accounts, not banks ... like the account of the poor with Mukesh Ambani, then the economy will come back on track ...
Danger on Muslim student questioning Unnao case, father said he is worried about his daughter's safety
A new world class hospital is being built by the Government of Delhi in Burari. We are starting beds right now to treat Karona. Today Manish and I went to take stock of this.
ने किया हाइपरसोनिक व्हीकल का सफल परीक्षण
Acharya Balakrishna has reportedly stated that the institution never claimed that his medication could cure or control coronavil coronavirus, but we created the drug and conducted clinical trials in a controlled manner that cured corona patients
Do not be praised as much as you guys have work, I am also full family unemployed with you, social media should now go on the road as a movement
China told Arunachal Pradesh its share, did not reply to Indian hostages
UP Finance Minister Suresh Khanna said economic activity accelerated, revenue increased by Rs crore in August
The dignity of the post of PM will be abolished in such a way that it was expected from foolish Modi, to bring a good lesson from a small child and to raise a word in his lap and call abusive words, Rahul ... Pappu .. .Rahul Gandhi Pappu is
Just think ... who is giving true respect to elders ...
जीडीपी में  गिरावट के लिए कौन जिम्मेदार कोरोना या सरकार अपनी राय कॉमेंट्स में बताएं.
Thank you Kailash ji, we have to help the people of this country and save them from Corona.
The operation of Lucknow Metro in Uttar Pradesh resumed this morning. The first metro train ran at dawn. Lucknow Metro has given special attention to safe distance, hygiene and cleanliness of passengers.
Also, adequate stock of appropriate medicines should be ensured for treatment, Relief Commissioner, Shri Sanjay Goyal
One Sanjay Raut of Maharashtra and Sanjay Sing, a Delhi dalla are both so bastard and pretentious that they are not added to India.
Priyanka appeals to stay in government bungalow for a few more days, PM Modi gives permission
There are three types of entrepreneurs involved with the industry. One is those who are running their own industries, second those whose enterprises are being set up and third those entrepreneurs who are willing or trying to set up industries in the state ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
On challaning, the boy set his car on fire and placed a pistol on the road with the children of his wife. The tea maker kept screaming that he was capable of being a watchman, but the devotees made him PM, the young man losing his mental balance, now this trailer is…
Sumit Nagal becomes the first Indian to win the first match of Men's singles in the year at the US Open
Status update: Eastern Ladakh vigilant Indian troops completely thwart this provocative attempt by PLA troops at the southern end of Pangong Tso Lake
सामाजिक एवं आर्थिक विकास को समर्पित उत्तर प्रदेश का विश्वस्तरीय इंफ्रास्ट्रक्चर, प्रदेश को उन्नति के पथ पर अग्रसर करने में सहायक है।
Steps taken by big banks, which will have an effect directly on your pocket via
See, the major news of this time, the President and PM remember Pranab da on JEE and NEET examinations from today. Monsoon session of Parliament starts from September
The placard says that I'm a cat, not a Hindu
The government announced a seven-day state mourning in honor of the late leader.
Kangana claims in Sushant case, actress says AIIMS denies possibility of suicide, throttle assassination, targeting Deepika on the theory of depression
सुप्रीम कोर्ट के खिलाफ धरना प्रदर्शन.. कोलेजियम सिस्टम से एक ख़ास जाति के लोग ही जज बन रहे हैं. इसलिए कोलेजियम सिस्टम समाप्त करके सभी वर्गों का सुप्रीम कोर्ट में प्रतिनिधित्व सुनिश्चित किया जाना चाहिए.
Minisha has criticized the ongoing media trial against
भारत में कोरोना वायरस के एक दिन में सबसे ज्यादा मामले
Understand the difference of being a native chief minister, his house will see a hole in the wall. The brother-in-law of an industrialist will see the house of Raja Maharaja, the bungalow also fades.
Those who believed that Manmohan Singh was the Prime Minister, watch this video with open eyes twice, the whole process will go away
According to the assessment of the 5th Five Year Plan, less than the percentage of the workforce in India received formal vocational education. This number was Parsent in the United States, Parsent in Germany, and Parsent in South Korea.
There is a lack of understanding in most of the people in our country, but the leader is very much lacking in which Congress Private Limited is also a traitor.
Happy birthday to the glorious and glorious, honorable Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh. May God give you longevity. Regards Pandit Dhawan sharma Haryana Student Union
Baba, you said a few things before your election, remember Baba Balmiki will go to BMW to sweep what happened to your promise
 आज से अनलॉक4 की शुरूआत, जानें क्या खुलेगा और क्या रहेगा बंद
All these questions are important, everyone is working together to solve every question. There is a continuous dialogue from the Ministry of Education. The entire talk of every stakeholder in the states, every opinion is being heard with an open mind. After all, we all have to solve all doubts and apprehensions by the PM
Kashmiri Hindus also used to fling pigeons of peace, today the refugees are feeding the camps. Be fanatical about religion
CM नीतीश कुमार के निश्चय संवाद से पहले तेजस्वी यादव ने की सवालों की बौछार, कहा रैली में जवाब जरूर दें रिपोर्टः
Do not take the name of the bitch Ambedkar, so that it will not penetrate again, it will be wise to speak
BREAKING लोकसभा में ने उठाया किसानों का मुद्दा, रक्षा मंत्री बोले की वजह से दयनीय है किसानों की हालत
UP: A minor child went missing in broad daylight in Rae Bareli, sensation in village, accusation on girl
चीन बारबार क्यों करता है घुसपैठ की कोशिश
Congress will now do cost cutting, media co-ordinator Seth resigns report
Except the northeast, all other regions recorded normal rainfall, the northeast recorded less than normal rainfall. Meteorological Department
मुसलमानों ने मां काली की मूर्ति को जला दिया। मुर्शिदाबाद, पश्चिम बंगाल राज्य 
Under the leadership of Yogi ji, UP is moving towards Satyuga. In Lakhimpur Kheri, a Dalit girl was raped and murdered. This is happening with Dalits.
निश्चय संवाद जिनके राज में सामूहिक नरसंहार होता था, क्राइमकरप्शनकम्युनिज्म का राज था वे वह हमारे बारे में बोल रहे हैं नीतीश कुमार
This was purely to bring laughter from my audience.
When Sonia Gandhi was once a dancer
You are crying for the Red Fort ... our PM has been mortgaged at Ambani since last year
In Ghaziabad, a woman committed suicide by hanging herself. The woman made a video before Suicide, in which she is accusing her in-laws of harassing her. Police recovered the video from the woman's mobile and arrested her husband and mother-in-law.
Sushant's Talent's sister showed glimpses, Sushant used to write together with both hands, less people in the world have this skill, sister shared the video saying, Rare Genius
The decline in the June quarter over the previous year is the highest among the world's major economies.
During the entire Karona period, Modi became the most talked-about leader on TV, while Rahul Gandhi is still number one in the case of Jaleel.
GDP has fallen today, tomorrow it will be standing, it does not mean that Modi is alive, giving the country to those who sell the country, will remain popular
Rama Singh will join Rama Singh, a close target report on Raghuvansh Prasad Singh, a close leader of Lalu Yadav
Jitan Ram Manjhi's departure from Mahagathbandhan is sad, we have lost Upendra Kushwaha
Producer Sandeep Singh said friend's statement on Sushant's drug addiction, he never took drugs in front of me, if Riya is saying this then she would know
आम आदमी पार्टी की दिल्ली विधानसभा की सीटों में से मुसलमानों को । जरा सोचे । दिल्ली बनेगा रावलपिंडी । शेयर करे और देखे केजरीवाल उर्फ केजरुद्दीन जो दिल्ली को किस तरह स्व पाकिस्तान बनाना चाह रहे है सब आपके सामने है उनके विधायको की पहली लिस्ट....जागो हिन्दू जागो
You sister's laudo made this bitch from her own chutiyape, which nobody knew even a few months ago, made her the star of her own state of pigs. You yourself raised an enemy and now you have to handle an extra enemy. Anonymity. When will you learn to kill Bey Chutiyon?
Former President Pranab Mukherjee is being cremated at the Delhi Lodhi crematorium. See republic of india
बीजेपी एकमात्र अकेली ऐसी पार्टी है जो न सिर्फ भारत बल्कि, पाकिस्तान अफगानिस्तान और बांग्लादेश के हिंदुओं के लिए भी लड़ रही है,
Your whole family is involved in this work, that's why your word is such dirty, Gandu is the government, because of this, he is sending such videos are bothering me.
कल बैतूल, मुरैना व इंदौर में ऑक्सीजन जाँच अभियान चलकर लोगों का ऑक्सीजन लेवल चेक किया गया।
Sovereign Gold Bond The last chance to buy gold cheaply this year from today via
ALE  कोरोना वैक्सीन की हड़बड़ी पर डब्ल्यूएचओ की चेतावनी
 चीन भी मुसलमानों के आगे झुका   चीन के राष्ट्रपति ने मुसलमानों से अपने किये गऐ करमो की माफी मांगी ,,ओर मस्जिद मे जाकर दुआ की ,,  ये वही है ईसलाम को मिटाने का खवाब देख रहे थे,,, चीन मे अब तक कोरोना वायरस की वजह से वहाँ जिनदगिया मौत मे तबदील हुई ,,ईस बिमारी का कोई ईलाज नहीं हो सका
कौन कहता है हिन्दू खतरे में नहीं है यह रहा सबूत एक मुस्लिम मौलाना एक हिन्दू भगवाधारी को किडनैप करके ले जाता हुआ किसी हिन्दू को जागना है तो जांग जाये फिर मत कहना जगाया नहीं था  मेरा काम खत्म हुआ अब मुझे तो और भी बहुत सारे काम करने पडते अब आगे खुद जानो
देखिए खुद को देश के क्षत्रियों का नेता कहने वाले योगी आदित्यनाथ सिर्फ दो FIR दर्ज होने पर संसद में कैसे बुल्ल बुल्ल रोने लगे। दूसरी ओर संजय सिंह की दहाड़। मियां, मैं शेर हूं शेरों की गुर्राहट नहीं जाती मैं लहजा नर्म भी कर दूं तो झुंझलाहट नहीं जाती।
Fatima ji, my boy loves a Muslim girl and that girl also loves him, he wants to marry, but the girl's family is not ready to agree that I can marry them both.
 चूहे भी साले इंजीनियर होते हैंसालों को सब पता ही होता है  कौनसी तार काटने से मशीन बंद होगी 
Sunny Deol expressed hope, Suresh Raina's family gets justice soon
Defense Minister Rajnath Singh held a high-level discussion on the provocative action of the Chinese army
NRC has originated in Assam. People are being evacuated from their homes. The media does not show this, they are being sold so it is now our responsibility to share this video.
ब्रिटेन खुशहाल देश है. क्यूँकि वहाँ मिस्टर बीन जैसे लोग सिर्फ कॉमेडी करते हैं,ना कि प्रधानमंत्री बनने का सपना देखते हैं...
What did the CBI feel after the case in the case
   वो भाजपा संग गठबंधन करते हैं,, भगवा संग मिलकर बाबरी विध्वंस करते हैं पर चर्चा नहीं होती.. हम एक चीठ्ठी लिख देते हैं…
Bollywood is just to promote wrong things. For them, sometimes it has become a tradition to play pranks on the gods and sometimes on the army. Boycott everyone together.
In Exclusive interview, Ajay Chautala, BJP in Haryana and we will continue to run together
Know how your day will be according to the horoscope
All the brothers should teach a lesson to those floppy people who look for useless opportunities to target Hans Bhai, Saale Chaman is the Chutia people ..
बेचारी कंगना भाग भी नही सकती उसकी तो घोड़ी भी काठी की है
Vadodara's house will also come in JD (JD) .. It is illegal to have only Kangana's house here.
कृपया आप अपनी समस्या का संक्षिप्त विवरण दें
भारतीय स्वाभिमान के अप्रतिम प्रतीक जम्मूकश्मीर से अनुच्छेद हटाए जाने के एक वर्ष पूर्ण होने पर भारतीय अखंडता को समर्पित दिवस पर सभी देशवासियों को अशेष शुभकामनाएं।
Karnataka Sankat Kumaraswamy Trust ready for vote, BJP will shift MLAs to hotels
The Supreme Court, in the contempt case, heard Punish Prashant Bhushan sentenced to a fine of one rupee. Tell your opinion on this decision of the court ...
Yogi ji's wife and daughter are also there
China, India's sinking economy, poverty, starvation, unemployment, must have the courage to write something, just a flattering country has gone back years.
पत्रकार नीलांशु शुक्ला के निधन पर प्रियंका गांधी ने जताया दुख, सरकार से पत्रकारों के लिए इंश्योरेंस कवर की मांग की
Rajput Ajay Kumar Bisht filled the mind of Rajput Sanjay Singh, there is no doubt, if there is no fear, then do not tweet through a press conference.
The Mughal Shashan has been established in both Delhi and Mumbai, there is Kajruulhak Hassan shameless here.
Covid is 19 bacteria that can be treated with aspirin.
Literacy for the lowly hypocritical devotees and chatukars of the BJP is Kerala Somalia, Kashmir is Pakistan, West Bengal is Bangla country and Mumbai looks POK to them, but Uttar Pradesh can only be seen as heaven but on your life.
बा रे काणा देव बनाये हम निहायति बेशरम ंधभक्तन के फिर से चुतिया.. कोरोनिल पर पतंजलि ने यूटर्न लिया, कहा हमने कोरोना के इलाज की दवा नहीं बनाई बल्कि इम्यूनिटी की दवा बनाई है। ाजीवदीक्षितकाहत्याराकानारामदेव
Pakistanis in Happy Holi Advance .. It is just the beginning .. The clip of the strike-end video game was described as an air strike on Pakistan.
दीपेश और मिरांडा के खुलासे के बाद रिया की बढ़ी मुश्किलें, डिलीट हुई व्हाट्सएप चैट पर NCB की नजर
Metro rail services resumed after a gap of more than five months in various cities of the country.
All these bastards and dishonest people, yet my India is great
अरुणाचल प्रदेश के कांग्रेस विधायक निनोंग एरिंग ने ट्वीट किया है कि चीन की पीपुल्स लिबरेशन आर्मी ने अरुणाचल के अपर सुबनसिरी जिले से पांच लोगों का कथित तौर पर अपहरण कर लिया है. कुछ महीने पहले भी ऐसी ही घटना हुई थी.
In opposition to Congress Modi, Chinese and Pakistanis can also be called their father.
The Naxalite gang of JNU has written under the idol of Vamivivekananda, saffron Jalega Namurad Jahilo, thousands of generations with your red salute will come and go… Even then the saffron was alive, and always will be. What is the Left must be heard ... Like India
Jammu Kashmir: PDP leaders accused of not letting them out of the house, party meeting canceled
Thus the recovery rate percentage is ACS, Medical and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
योगी जी।आप आम जनता को नमूना कह लीजिए, गाली दे लीजिए। लेकिन बताइए . आप केवल ठाकुरों के ही काम करते है कीजिये, लेकिन बाक़ी  जनता कहाँ जाए . ब्राह्मणों पर अत्याचार क्यों बाक़ी जातियों के ख़िलाफ़ भेदभाव क्यों 3
जावेद अख्तर जैसे कटे हुए व्यक्ति ने जितनी भी फिल्मों की कहानी लिखी उनमें कभी कोई मुस्लिम खलनायक नहीं लिखा.. क्यों.. क्योंकि ये साला साम्प्रदायिकता फैला रहा है वर्षों से..
कमलनाथ सरकार ने साल में कलेक्टर पदनाम को बदलने के लिए पहल की थी. इस पर अब शिवराज सरकार ने रोक लगा दी है.
There were more than four lakh road accidents in the country in a year. Read this report ...
See how much China has changed with LIVE
Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray can be seen bowing in front of Sonia Gandhi's picture and saying hello
जिस तरह एक केजरी के चमचे एक मार्शल को धक्का दिया सभी ार्शल से निवेदन है गिरा के कुत्ते की तरह मारना था इस भैसे को साले कौड़ी की औकात नही और मार्शल को हाथ लग दिया,
Cheap medicines are being found in Bangla Sahib Gurdwara in Delhi
बीसीसीआई को बहुत बड़ा झटका, टीम इंडिया की जर्सी को किसी कंपनी ने नहीं किया स्पॉन्सर
BBC Impact महिला किसान ज्योति देशमुख के गांव को मंत्री ने लिया गोद
A board was put up at one place only to learn how to become Prime Minister for Rs. When I looked inside, the bastards were teaching me how to make tea.
भक्त तो chuतिया लोगों की गिनती करेंगे उसमे पहला नम्बर आपका
Indian Army captures Black Top Peak, now Chinese troops will be directly watching from across the LAC
One tea one and samosa Narendra Modi your trust, this is the noise of the narrator, the watchman is a thief who feels bad, he is a cruel man.
देशदुनिया की तमाम अहम ख़बरें संस्कृत में  नहीं रहे प्रणब दा  राष्ट्रपति और पीएम ने किया प्रणब दा को याद  JEE और NEET परीक्षाएं आज से शुरू  संसद का मॉनसून सत्र सितम्बर से कोरोना देश में मृत्यु दर फीसदी Watch
उत्तर प्रदेश, बिहार, झारखंड, मध्य प्रदेश, उड़ीसा, प बंगाल, हरियाणा, दिल्ली, राजस्थान, महाराष्ट्र, समेत अन्य सभी राज्यों में बेरोजगार युवाओं के लिए कोई काम नहीं हुआ.भर्तियों का बुरा हाल है. युवाओं का साथ लेकर सत्ता में आई अब जवाब देने का समय है.
Mayawati and Akhilesh Yadav under CBI probe before Assembly by-election
आज का सवाल  क्या भारत कांग्रेस मुक्त हो जाना चाहिए 
मुझे तो ब्लाक करके भाग गये बहुत सारे शिखंडी सूवरो की औलाद यह भडवा शेख भौक रहा था मै नहीं भागूगा और अगर भागूगा तो खुद को रंडी की औलाद समझूगा और भाग गया  अब कोई क्या समझे इसको यह समझना बाकी है
This is a video of a Hindu temple in Andhra Pradesh, which has been made a Quarantine Center for Muslims.
मुंबई स्थित वडाला रेल्वे स्टेशन पर अबू आजमी और पुलिस की उपस्थिति में लगे पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे बधाई हो, नपुंसक उद्धव ठीकरे
There will be rains in many parts of the country including Delhi, know the latest updates
After a long wait and struggle, finally the moment stands on the Dalheej, which the whole country was waiting for. Ram Mandir construction is going to be Bhoomi Pujan for Ram Mandir Bhoomi Punjan. This historic day began from the time the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Ram Temple Ram Temple in the year. This decision was pronounced by Ranjan Gogoi, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Big news has come out about the former CJI CJI. Actually Corona Positive has been confirmed in Ranjan Gogoi. Former Chief Justice of the country Ranjan Gogoi has been found to be Corona positive, giving a historic verdict on the Ram temple. Let me tell you that in November last year, the bench headed by Ranjan Gogoi had ruled in favor of Ram temple. There is a festive atmosphere across the country to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Ram temple on the one hand, and on the other hand, the supporters of the former Chief Justice, who gave an important verdict on the Ram temple, are saddened by the news of being infected with Corona.
The temple of Guru was sold in the title of Minahall… the bride of Rajasthan…. ... There are more than one cinema hall in the world. However, the Rajmandir Cinema Hall located in Jaipur, the capital of Rajasthan, is one which had its mark in Asia too ... But, now in that historic cinema hall, you will not be able to see all the indigenous foreign cinema lovers cinema. Yes, the world famous cinema hall Rajmandir of Jaipur has been signed. According to sources, the deal on Friday was bought by the Mirage Group for a billion crore rupees. Presently its owner Bhuramalrajmal was the honor of Surana Jewelers.
Sushant case: CBI to question doctors of Cooper hospital, AIIMS team will also be present
Accused Farooq Khan said that this happened due to minor son
   BJP के योगीजी पुराने नाम बदल कर सनातन संस्कृति के नाम पर कर रहे है, और कोंग्रेस का गहलोत मुगलगांधी सल्तनत के नाम पर।
India ranks second in Corona Cases, sarcasm ahead of country in every wrong race
मध्य प्रदेश मुख्यमंत्री शिवराज सिंह चौहान ने अपने पूरे परिवार के साथ अनंत चौदस के अवसर पर गणेश जी का विसर्जन निवास में बने कुंड में किया और प्रदेश की जनता से भी आग्रह किया कि ोरोना गाइडलाइन को ध्यान में रखते हुए बड़े आयोजन ना करें ।  Sanjeev
Poco X3 NFC smartphone will be launched in September, these features will be
Congress victory did not happen even hours and slogans started that Babri Masjid will be kept, Pakistan alive
These days, social media profiles of celebs reveal a lot about them. Anyone can see his profile on Instagram, he has not changed his name nor added my surname unlike many other stars. If you come to our house, you will see that we also have a temple. Even our helping staff can tell you that Urmila has not converted. Playing such claims before the election is a common practice and we are not bothered by it. My wife has not converted to Islam
Maheshbhatt got mad after seeing Lakhdasike, who was happy to see this condition, is your contribution in this too, yes.
गांव में कोई शिक्षक हो या फिर बड़ेबड़े शिक्षाविद, सबको राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति, अपनी शिक्षा शिक्षा नीति लग रही है। सभी के मन में एक भावना है कि पहले की शिक्षा नीति में यही सुधार तो मैं होते हुए देखना चाहता था। ये एक बहुत बड़ी वजह है राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति की स्वीकारता कीः पीएम मोदी
Five arrested, including Actress, shooting without permission in UP Bahraich
I will say it again and again, I will say it and we will continue to say that we are proud of the Indian Army.
शराब ठेके पर पक्षों में मारपीट, दोनों पक्षों में जमकर लाठीडंडे चले, मारपीट में आधा दर्जन लोग घायल, संग्रामपुर थाने के सहजीपुर का मामला।
File ITR on time, otherwise you will not get the benefit of many types of discounts along with the payment of fine
घर में अगर किसी को लक्षण नहीं है, तो क्या एक दूसरे का सामान प्रयोग कर सकते हैं
आज तक न्यूज़ चैनल के द्वारा दिखाई गई झूठी खबरों के विरोध में लोग सड़क पर उतरे लाल मीडिया की अब खैर नहीं  बहुत बढ़िया भारत मे पहली बार भ्रष्ट मीडिया के खिलाफ….महाप्रदर्शन  तक News चैनल के द्वारा दिखाई गई झूठी खबरों के विरोध में लोग सड़क पर उतरे 
जून की रात गलवान घाटी पर हुई उस मुठभेड़। तिरंगे में लिपटे ताबूतों की एक फोटो।
A training program was organized with the office bearers of the Bhopal Zone to carry out the Oxygen Testing Campaign. . . .
No kidnapping of yet another kidnapped girl child in Bihar
Viral posts of Dr. Kafeel Khan's release are fake
Who will apprehend those who fabricated misconduct in hospitals during the Corona period?
Whole of the ... It is 180 degree U turn, it is said that he has made the medicine for treatment of Rona and even promoted the name and claimed to fix it in the day. Not that roronil is an immunity booster
वीडियो में डॉक्टर जब ट्यूब को बाहर निकालती है तो उसके साथ ही एक लंबा सांप बाहर निकल कर आता है. अगर ये वीडियो ना होता तो इस ख़बर पर यकीन करना उतना ही मुश्किल था जितना ‘मन की बात’ पर लाइक से ज़्यादा डिसलाइक की ख़बर पर.
भारतीय अभिनेता अनुपम खेर को नेपाली र नेपाल प्रतीको सकारात्मक टिप्पणी ..
This was Gauri's first interview. The article claiming divorce of actor Shah Rukh Khan and his wife Gauri Khan after the marital crisis is fake and has been organized as part of a global scam to sell antiaging cream called Auvela. The story appears on a web page called Entertainment Today Insider News as a website, and clicking on it we see an advertisement for Auella, which has misused a picture of actor Parineeti Chopra. The text appears as an interview and begins with, "Gauri Khan, wife of Shah Rukh Khan, known for her roles in Batman, Cold Mountain and Big Little Lies since 2006, for the past months. She is struggling with marital crisis after defiance of wishes. We have come to know the real reason behind the famous couple's divorce and the reason for Gauri's entrepreneurial instincts eventually leading to divorce and jealousy. The story also falsely claims that Gauri has set up a face cream, Ovala. The story then goes on to say that Gauri and Shahrukh have filed for divorce. In it, Gauri is asked if the reason for her divorce with Shah Rukh is "commercial conflict". In a fake article, Gauri has answered the question and said, this is an unfortunate situation, but money acts and behaves differently than people. All I want to say is why Shahrukh and I have split up. He is a wonderful man, but when I started Auvela, everything changed. Divorce of Shahrukh Khan and Gauri Khan
कांग्रेस नेता के शेयर किए वीडियो में बेहोश महिला के पास बैठे दो छोटे बच्चे उसके सिर पर पानी डाल रहे हैं
As soon as Ajmer Sharif opened, the top officers of the Rajasthan Police first offered their salute at the bargah of Hazrat Khwaja Garib Nawaz and prayed to get rid of Corona virus Hazrat Khwaja Garib Nawaz
आईटीसी अपनी तीन सहायक कंपनियों का अपने साथ करेगी विलय via
लूट  हत्या  बलात्कार तो रोक नहीं रहे, पत्रकारों को धमका रहे हैं। उप मुख्यमंत्री जी का बयान निंदनीय है। वो पत्रकारों और प्रदेश की जनता से माफी मांगे।
मेरे प्यारे साथियो आज आप लोगो से ब हुत जरूरी मदद के लिये भीख मांग रहा हूं। मेरे गाँव में कुछ आदिवासी समाज के बच्चे को पढ़ाने के लिए कुछ मूलभूत सुविधाएं चाहिए जिसके लिए आप सब रुपए का दान कीजिए share and retweet, like
India China dispute told the foreign ministry's story of the audacity of the dragon on Pangong lake, said China should discipline its soldiers through
The Chief Minister bought a ship of crores for herself, free bus journey for women in Delhi. Who is the public friendly, you have to decide
यूपी के जिलों में मूसलाधार बारिश की चेतावनी, मौसम विभाग ने जारी किया अलर्ट
अखबार में दिल्ली के भलस्वा लैंडफिल के भ्रष्टाचार का मामला पढ़ा। सांसद की हैसियत से अक्सर गुजरता था वहां से। दिल बैठ जाता था कि पहाड़ जैसा कूड़े का ढेर ampबीजेपी की साल से निगम में सरकार है क्या कियाअनुभव किया कि bjp की सरकार में न तो जनता का काम होता है amp न कार्यकर्ता का।
Records the statement of Mitu Singh, sister of Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput, know how inquiries were made
Kovid was found positive in 19 Tests.
LOC से इस समय की बड़ी खबर, रजौरी में पाकिस्तानी सेना की भारी गोलीबारी ,
अलीगढ़ मुस्लिम विश्वविद्यालय में सीएए पर भड़काऊ भाषण देने में केस था दर्ज 
ंविधानकीशपथ  में हारीं तो दीदी बोलीं SORRY  नतीजों के बाद विधायकों के साथ हुई पहली बैठक में ममता ने दी नसीहत, गल्तियों के लिए जनता से माफी मांगिए । क्या में जीत के लिए माफी काफी है  करेंगे चर्चा, शाम बजे
Wants a bigger lesson than Galvan. Tweet on China See at 55 PM with more
सीएम ने गोरखपुर के बीआरडी मेडिकल कालेज में बेड के नए कोविड19 हॉस्पिटल का किया लोकार्पण
नीतीश की वर्चुअली रैली के दावे और हकीकत, पार्टियों के लिए अग्निपरीक्षा साबित होगा ये चुनाव
मैं सभी राज्यों के मुख्यमंत्रियों से अपील करता हूं कि संकट की इस घड़ी में हमारे विद्यार्थियों का साथ दें और परीक्षा हेतु कोरोना गाइडलाइन के अनुसार उचित व्यवस्थाओं का निर्माण करें ताकि हमारे जेईई एवं नीट के अभ्यर्थियों को किसी भी प्रकार की असुविधा अथवा परेशानी का सामना न करना पड़े
Yesterday, in the Bhoomipujan program of the new Vidhan Sabha Bhawan in Nava Raipur, the Hon'ble Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Shri Charan Das Mahant ji, along with the cabinet colleagues joined in the gracious presence of Chief Minister Shri Bhupesh Baghelji.
भारतचीन तनाव के बीच चीन के छात्र भारत के बारे में क्या सोचते हैं वीडियोः बीबीसी चीनी सेवा
रोडवेज की बस के परिचालक से लूट, कैश से भरा बैग लूटकर भागे बदमाश, खराबी आने से यमुना एक्सप्रेसवे पर खड़ी थी बस, नोहझील इलाके के माइल स्टोन60 की घटना.
The Chinese PM, who spoke of translating the Quran in his own way, felt that the only way to protect against the corona virus was to prostrate to Allah and they went to the mosque to pray, Masha Allah.
मेरे प्यारे भारतवर्ष के सभी हिंदू भाईबहनों को प्रणाम। मैं गुजरात सूरत के सिटी लाइट एरिया में रहता हूं। आज मैंने एक अनोखी घटना देखी और क्योंकि कोरोनावायरस की बीमारी बहुत तेजी से फैल रही है इसलिए आपसे गुजारिश करता हूं कि इसको पूरा सुनें फिर आपको जो निर्णय सही लगे वो करे। मैं आज सुबह मॉर्निंग वॉक पर निकला। जब मैं मॉर्निंग वॉक पर निकलता हूं तो दूध और सब्जी भी ले आता हूं साथ में। पर आज मेरे एरिया में आज पहली बार मैंने एक अनोखी बात देखी सुबह वॉक करतेकरते कि हर चौराहे पर करीब से थ्री व्हीलर टेम्पो देखे जिसमें मुस्लिम लड़के सब्जी और फ्रूट्स बेच रहे थे। मुझ इसलिए शंका होती है कि मैं सालों से यहां रह रहा हूं मैंने पहले इन्हें कभी नहीं देखा।
पीएम मोदी को भगवान की तरह मानते हैं मेरठ के दिव्यांग जुड़वां भाई, एक चिट्ठी से बदल गई किस्मत
रक्षा मंत्री राजनाथ सिंह तीन दिवसीय रूस की यात्रा के लिए आज प्रस्थान करेंगे। रक्षा मंत्री रूस के रक्षामंत्री जनरल सरगेई शोइगु के निमंत्रण पर मॉस्को जा रहे है जहां वे संगठित सुरक्षा संघीय संगठन सीएसटीओ और सीआईएस देशों की संयुक्त बैठक में भी हिस्सा लेंगे। फाइल फोटो
पुलवामा हमला एक सोची समझी साजिश थी बीजेपी सरकार की। इतनी सारी जांच एजेंसियां होने के बाद भी दोषियों का पता नही। Shame BJP नमन
राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति पर राज्यपालों के सम्मेलन के उद्घाटन सत्र में प्रधानमंत्री का संबोधन Watch 
JEE Advanced Postpone is done. Many websites are claiming to be postpone JEE Advanced exam. It is claimed that earlier this examination was to be held on September. It has now been postponed till September.
Make it beautiful then fuckin forgot
TikTok CEO Kevin Mayer Resigns, Learn the Whole Thing Via
मंदसौर के मदरसों का देशद्रोही ज्ञान आया सामने …बच्चो ने लगाए पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे… देश में पल रहे गद्दारों से देश को बचाइए …वीडियो को सभी तक पहुंचाए ताकि सख्त कारवाई हो सके ।
राज ठाकरे ने ट्वीट कर कंगना रनौत का मुंबई में सितम्बर को स्वागत किया और संजय राउत को चुनौती दी
Muslim women fight over payment in Shaheen Bagh. They should be ashamed of paid protests.
Tech Guide Now give your friends a free hand, no one will be able to see your phone without your choice. Photo and video just have to be turned on once
This tweet belongs to French President Emmanuel Macron
 CSK में कोविड19 मामले बढ़ने के कारण आईपीएल कार्यक्रम में बदलाव हो सकता है
On February 18, there has been an advertisement amount of BJP amp related organizations on February 18 and the rest of the parties. Now understand why fb is in service of bjp.
Judge Jannago Gogoi, who pronounced the verdict of Brijimjid, was held on August only, Corona positive Allah
देख लो आंख खोल के, देश भक्ति इंदिरा गांधी जी गलवान वैली में सैनिकों के साथ, उनकी हौसला को कम होने नही दिया. ऐसे वीर को मेरा सलाम है ेडी 
इमाम , कामरा, अरफ़ा, स्वरा, ये पाकिस्तान में हिंदू बहनें हैं, इन बहनों का दुःख दर्द समझ, आये तो कुछ व्यक्त भी कर देना, रोहिंग्या व बांग्लादेशी घुसपेठियों, से तो बहुत याराना है, हिंदुओं से इतनी घृणा क्यों है  
Can people recovering from corona donate blood
साला तेरे माँ बाप कैसे होंगे रे हिजड़े
A bastard and a lousy man like you has not been seen till date, who is on you.
शेर कौन है  साला टिकट ब्लैक में बेच ता था के बोल के ।
Himachal government increased security of Kangana Ranaut, actress going to Mumbai on September
Good evening everyone Please if you have relatives and friends in the UK, especially London, please inform them to be careful at railway stations. Somebody in London is pushing people on train tracks.
In Rajasthan, elaborate arrangements have been made at exam centers to follow the rules related to avid and safe distance.
NONSTOPNEWS  फेसबुक इंडिया पर कानून मंत्री का आरोप
Those whom you consider the hero heroine of Bollywood, in fact all of them are sixes, no one has opened their mouth in support of Kangana.
देशद्रोही न्यूज़ चैनल के पास पैसा कहां से पहुंच रही है यह पत्रकार की तनख्वाह कहां से मिल रही है पैसा पेड़ में नहीं उगती है जो तोड़कर उसे मिल रही है जानता कि टैक्स पेयर के पैसा किसी ना किसी बहाने उस तक पहुंच रही है तनख्वाह के रूप नागरिक की पैसा लेकर नागरिक के खिलाफ काम
महाराष्ट्र के बोरीवली में एक महिला ने पुलिस स्टेशन में शिकायत दर्ज करवाई है. आरोप है कि एक आदमी ने मैट्रिमोनियल साइट से दोस्ती की और झूठ बोलबोलकर लाख रुपये ऐंठ लिए. जब महिला ने और पैसे देने से मना कर दिया, तो उसने उसको धमकाना शुरू कर दिया.
Cars are melting due to high temperature in Kuwait
Chance to buy Infinix Hot today, learn prices and offers
बेरोजगारों के सब्र का बांध अब टूट चुका हैं । हमें नौकरी चाहिए ।। एक बेरोजगार की कलम से ..
If someone is caught by the vehicle while buying important goods, his car will be confiscated.
हॉकी के जादूगर मेजर ध्यानचंद जी की जयंती एवं राष्ट्रीय खेल दिवस की आप सभी को हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं।
कोविड किन मायनों में अब हो रहा है खतरनाक, भारत को क्यूं संभलकर रहने की है जरूरत 
Read brief information about rain and flood situation
जब इन दलितों को सभी नहीं हिन्दू धर्म और हिन्दू देवी देवताओं से इतनी नफरत भारी हुई है तो धूर्त कहीं के अपना नाम हिन्दुओं के जैसे ही क्यों रखते हैं। किसने रोका है कुछ भी बन से, बन जाओ मुस्लिम, ईसाई और जो मन करे। इस धूर्त की हिम्मत नहीं कि किसी दूसरे धर्म के बारे ऐसा बोल दे ।
Permission for movement of persons as per SOP
वीडियो दर्शाता है की चीन में स्वाट टीम कोरोनावायरस के पीड़ित व्यक्तियों को पकड़ रही है
पुलिसकर्मी डांस करते हुए डेड बॉडी को ले जा रहे हैं
Meet Jamia's female protester.
Madhya Pradesh Medical Education Minister wrote a letter to Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar demanding this
Today, the second round of interrogation of accused Riya Chakraborty will face Riya.
To realize the concept of a healthier and more capable India, there is an important program inspired by the respected PM Shri Ji. Every citizen will ensure their participation for the creation of a well-trained Uttar Pradesh. Come, let's be determined.
   हँसी आती है जब मजहब के नाम पर अपनी बीबी को तलाक के बाद मौलवी के साथ सुलाने वाले भी बोलते है हिंदू धर्म मे अंधविश्वास है…
Has refused to give Indian citizens any information about the abduction by the PLA.
In Haryana, Dutyant Chotala has sold in crores of rupees in the hands of Bijepi. He has released his father from jail. Deal was already there, the dastardly bastard with Shah Taklu turned out to be a dud He cheated.
WikiLeaksRaul Vinci is married with 2 children, who lives in London, Bibi Columbian, 14 year old girl
When our country has high-level doctors, why do people with money run abroad to get their treatment, it is an insult to our doctors
The song from Devanand Dev Anand's Hare Rama Hare Krishna, which became the anthem of young hearts in the decade.
श्री अयोध्या जी में श्री राम मंदिर निर्माण, ब्रह्मलीन महंत दिग्विजयनाथ जी महाराज एवं ब्रह्मलीन महंत अवेद्यनाथ जी महाराज के जीवन का अभीष्ट था। मंदिर निर्माण कार्य प्रारंभ होने के उपरांत, देश में पहली रामकथा का आयोजन श्री गोरक्षपीठ में ही हो रहा है। यह अतीव प्रसन्नता का विषय है।
आतंकवादी साला
Voice in Chinese Mandarin Translation This is a restaurant in China, Man has now started eating human babies, there are two restaurants serving human baby soup, this is from one month old baby.
यूपीः रायबरेली के जिलाधिकारी समेत और लोग कोरोना संक्रमित, दो मरीजों की मौत
The LT group, which has been awarded the contract for construction of Ram temple, will not declare LT for the construction of the temple, Jai Shri Ram
Such enthusiasm has come in Jammu and Kashmir. Watch the video of Jammu and Kashmir has been changed.
After 11 attacks, Pranab Mukherjee was scared of scolding Pakistan, told America, India is going to fight
People in all parts of the country are desperate to give a damn, China is seizing the land of India, crores of people have lost business, everyday farmers are committing suicide, millions of people have died from Corona, this news does not matter. CBI is investigating in Ganja in Mumbai
भारत और चीनी सेना के बीच आज सुबह बजे से चुशूल में ब्रिगेडियर स्तर की बातचीत होगी, चीनी पक्ष के अनुरोध पर आज इस बैठक का आयोजन किया जा रहा है, दोनों पक्षों के बीच लगातार तीसरे दिन होगी बैठक
गधा ये खुद है साला गंवार अहमद पटेल
In any case, the central government has decided not to open the school till December.
After bringing the audience with the action on screen, he is bringing his first song
Prime Minister pays tribute to former President
ड्रग केस की एकएक कड़ी जोड़ रही है एनसीबी
Right now PM Modi had time to speak, but before that this timer video is getting Danadan dislikes. Thousands of people have liked it till the time of writing the news, then thousands of people have disliked it.
वर्तमान में प्रतिशत से अधिक लोग होम आइसोलेशन में हैं। प्रदेश में अब तक मरीज पूरी तरह से उपचारित हो चुके हैं ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
हिन्दू का खून लाल मुसलमान का खून लाल, बताऔ कौन हिंदू कौन मुसलमान कहने वालो सूवर का खून और कुत्ते का खून भी लाल होता है साला शिया लोग जब सुन्नी का भाई नही बन सकता तो हिन्दू का क्या खाक बनेगा याद रखना गद्दार और देशद्रोही का रक्त भी लाल होता है जय श्री राम सभी मित्रों को 
The father is Matondkar, its bastard is right, but the title is not picked up like Pappu's grandmother.
Modi government, employment, resumption, test results, solve the problem of youth of the country.
Arvind ji Allah please you soon so that you can save the hours of the people of Delhi.
शुक्र है बेवड़ो ने दारू के ठेके खुलते ही अर्थव्यवस्था संभाल ली वरना गिरावट  भी हो सकती थी
on Siddharth Pithani's confession in front of CBI used to do a lot of shopping with Sushant's money, see Riya Chakraborty
BJP worker murdered again in West Bengal, party accused of murder
The number of people recovering from Ovid 19 in the country continues to increase, today this figure is more than the total number of Kovid cases in the country, active cases and total number of people died in it, and in five states
The symbol of the Supreme Court has been changed from 'Satyamev Jayate' to 'Yato Dharmastato Jai'.
इधर मर्डर हो रहा था, उधर डील हो रही थी देखिए महाभारत सुचरिता कुकरेती के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
यदि कोई अभिनेता की हत्या हो जाती तोह भारतीय मीडिया हाय हाय करती परन्तु साधु की हत्या पर कितने दिन न्यूज चलाई याद रखना साधु कोई सेलिब्रेटी नहीं है उससे भी बढ़ कर जैसे स्वामी विवेकानंद जी थे साधु को न्याय जल्द से जल्द मिलना चाहिए राम राम
क्या केबीसी में सब कुछ पहले से तय होता है एक्सपर्ट्स और अमिताभ को जबाव पहले से पता होते हैं विनिंग अमाउंट पूरा मिल जाता है या उस पर टैक्स देना होता है शो के लिए बिग बी कितना पैसा लेते हैं
BBC News Dwayne the Rock Johnson dies due to failure of a stunt
कोयला मंत्रालय ने कोयला गैसीकरण और द्रवीकरण पर वेबिनार आयोजित किया इस अवसर पर केंद्रीय मंत्री ने कहा भारत ने तक मीट्रिक टन कोयला गैसीकरण का लक्ष्य निर्धारित किया है विवरण 
What does India say about Russia's corona vaccine effect
्नावरेपकांड के दोषी भाजपा विधायक कुलदीप सिंह सेंगर को हाई कोर्ट से मिली जमानत। अगर पीड़िता उसी जज की बेटी होती, तो भी वह जज जमानत दे देता क्या इस हैवान ने पीड़िता के पूरे खानदान को मार डाला, फिर भी उसने जमानत दे दी। वह जज नहीं बल्कि जज के भेष में छुपा हुआ भेड़िया है।
RSS members attacked Indian Muslims
Send Kangana to Agra.
देश में फैली कोरोना महामारी का सामना करने के लिए पॉलिटिकल लीडरशिप में गंभीर चिंतन चल रहा है। प्रतिशत तक पेंशन घटाई जा सकती है। राष्ट्रपति से लेकर चपरासी तक की पेंशन कम की जाएगी। इस आर्टिकल में ये भी दावा किया गया है कि, सरकार साल से अधिक उम्र के भूतपूर्व कर्मचारियों की पेंशन खत्म करने की सोच रही है।
Special Edition What did you achieve in the day on the death of Sushant
मोहतरमा JNU की साल की छात्रा है, और कमाल की बात उनकी बेटी मोना भी JNU की ही छात्रा है।
Actress Pooja Batra silently marries boyfriend Nawab Shah, reveals Instagram photos
Watch ABP News EXCLUSIVE from France's secret airbase in Pakistan and China sleepwalker with special report
दलित बैकवर्ड मुस्लिम को पंचायत चुनाव से दूर करने के लिए अजय कुमार बिष्ट ने षड्यंत्र रची है दो बच्चे वाले ही पंचायत चुनाव लड़ेंगे मेरी भी एक शर्त है जितने रंडवा पॉलिटिक्स में है उनकी पेशाब करने की रास्ता काट ली जाए क्योंकि रंडवा है उनको जरूरत नहीं है फिर क्यों रखे हुए हैं
व्यक्तिगत संबंधों में राजनीतिक जुड़ाव को उन्होंने कभी बाधा नहीं बनने दिया। व्यक्तित्व की इसी खूबी के कारण वे जटिल विषयों में भी राजनीतिक सहमति बनाने में सफल हो पाते थे। उनका कुशल मार्गदर्शन में देश में अनेक महत्वपूर्ण नीतियों का निर्धारण हुआ जो आज भी पथ प्रदर्शित करती हैं।
 खुल गई रिया की कुंडली, सामने आई ड्रग्स मंडली देखिए महाभारत सुचरिता कुकरेती के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
पीयूष गोयल ने हिंद प्रशांत क्षेत्र में सप्लाई श्रृंखला के बारे में आयोजित मंत्रिस्तरीय बैठक में ये बात कहीं। भारत, ऑस्ट्रेलिया और जापान के व्यापार और वाणिज्य मंत्रियों ने क्षेत्र में सप्लाई व्यवस्थाओं के महत्व और उनके विस्तार की आवश्यकता पर जोर दिया ।
China's Defense Minister will also attend this meeting of SCO. However, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh will not have any separate talks with his Chinese counterpart. The thread
उत्तर प्रदेश की राजधानी लखनऊ में डबल मर्डर की ख़बर है. मुख्यमंत्री आवास के पास ये घटना हुई. हाई सिक्योरिटी ज़ोन वाले थाना गौतम पल्ली क्षेत्र की रेलवे कॉलोनी में एक रेलवे अधिकारी की पत्नी और उनके बेटे की गोली मार दी गई.
Kafeel Khan gets bail from Allahabad High Court, order for immediate release Awaaz: Naveen Negi
Assistant physiotherapists at Delhi Capitals have been found to be morona positive. Delhi Capitals said he was undergoing his mandatory quarantine and was found negative in two tests upon reaching Dubai but his report came out positive in the third investigation.
On the night of August 30 in East Ladakh, China is still not reeling from the tremendous defeat at the hands of the Indian Army.
The work which was not done in the last year, after the formation of the new government, within a day both the houses of India, the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha passed by a two-thirds majority within two days.
In the last three years, our forecast has been almost correct. Bihar, West Bengal and Odisha received more rainfall than anticipated.
हमारा भारत बना W.H.O का चेयरमैन  मई से भारत के हाथों में बागडोर, गौरवान्वित क्षण सभी को बहुतबधाई
श्रीनगर में हुए एक क्रिकेट मैच के बाद जम्मूकश्मीर पुलिस ने लोगों को गिरफ्तार कर लिया है. ये मैच तीन सितंबर को श्रीनगर में कराया गया था. एक मारे गए आतंकी की याद में कुछ लोगों ने इसका आयोजन किया था.
इफ लाइंग वॉज एन आर्ट, मोदी जी हेड बी द विंची
कोविड19 के संबंध में राहत आयुक्त कार्यालय में राज्य स्तर पर स्थापित एकीकृत आपदा नियंत्रण केन्द्र के टोल फ्री हेल्पलाइन नंबर पर प्राप्त काॅल्स में से कॉल का निस्तारण किया गया है ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
Happy news for those who drink plenty of tea and drink tea, according to US-based CNN NEWS CHANNEL, China's famous Corona virus expert Dr. Li Wenliang has stated before his death that the chemical Methylxanthine, Theobromine and Theophylline can kill the corona virus. And these three chemicals are found in tea. So if someone drinks three cups of tea in a day, they will not get infected with corona virus or if any infected person drinks tea, they will be infection free in a few days. To make this truth Dr. Li Wenliang made the invention by studying the Case History Study of corona patients. He was also punished by the Chinese government for exposing this truth. The sad thing is that, Dr. Li Wenliang died after being cornered by Corona. The Caffine that is contained in tea is the same Methylxanthine and two other chemicals are also found in tea. Corona patients were given tea three times in Huwan province of China. That's why today, the Corona is free. please drink times TEA and save LIFE
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA has recorded Om as a sound emanating from the sun.
High court rejects public interest litigation
Case of cases filed against Prayagraj Atik missing from diary station, stirred up
कुशीनगर से दो माह में अंतरराष्ट्रीय उड़ान मुख्यमंत्री श्री जी। मुख्यमंत्री जी ने कहा कि स्वच्छता अभियान से काबू में आया इंसेफ्लाइटिस।
Perfect body made me a favorite of people, but also stressed '
   क्या आप अब भी इस देश के प्रधानमंत्री की बात पर अब भी विश्वास करते है
बस जितना भी इसतरह का आप वीडियो देखते है इतना ही लोग असल मे कोरोना से मर रहे बाकी जिस जिस का बॉडी उठाने में हॉस्पिटल तत्परता दिखा रहा सब का नार्मल डेथ सिर्फ अंग तस्करी का गोरख धंधा का पर्दा फास न हो इसलिए वैसे लोगों का लास उठाने ओर जलाने में तत्परता दिखाते है
When will I fight against which team, know the complete schedule
देश के साथ भी यही धोखा हुआ।
 बातचीत से कम होगा तनाव, भारतचीन के बीच ब्रिगेड कमांडर स्तर की वार्ता जारी
All members of Chennai Super Kings were found negative in the Corona Test
Did Sambit Patra, the national spokesperson of the Bharatiya Janata Party, call the farmers as traitors, what is this, let alone some shame.
सुप्रीम कोर्ट का चिन्ह बदल गया..  इसका मतलब क्या होता है ।।यतो धर्मस्ततो जय ।।
Apart from nikah in Islam, there is another festival of Bhai Behan, was it just asking like this
A guide line has come from Delhi Police. We feel that wherever we get good information in present times, we should read it. Facemask information. Masks should be used for a limited time. If you wear it for a long time. Oxygen in the blood decreases. . The brain gets less oxygen. . You start feeling weak. . May lead to death. Advice a When you are alone, remove it. I see many people in the car with AC still wearing face MASK. Ignorance or illiteracyB Do not use it at home. Cto use it only in crowded place and when in close contact with one or more persons. Dremoving yourself most often, reduce its use. Use E AC sparingly. Be safe medicines which are taken in isolation hospitals. vitamin C . Vitamin E Sitting in the sun for 10 hours, 20 minutes. . We rest at least 8 hours sleep. We drink liters of water daily. All food should not be hot cold. And all of this we do to strengthen the immune system in the hospital. Note that the pH of coronavirus varies from to. Therefore, all we need to do to eliminate the virus is to increase the level of acidity of the virus with alkaline foods. Take it. Such as green lemon pH yellow lemon pH avocado pH garlic pH mango pH tangerine pH pineapple pH watercress pH orange pH How to know if you are infected with corona virus. throat . Dry throat Dry cough. high temperature . shortness of breath . Lack of smell…. Lemon with warm water eradicates the virus before reaching the lungs… do not keep this information to yourself. Provide it to all your family and friends. We wish you good health and long life information in public interest Delhi Police
Kaminey Babur Army
भाग्यश्री ने कहा –जब मेरा बेटा हुआ था तो यश चोपड़ा ने मुझसे कहा था कि तुम हां बोलो, मैं फिल्म शुरू करता हूं. ये बात सुनकर मुझे समझ नहीं आया एक बार को. क्योंकि मैंने यही सुना था कि शादी के बाद फिल्म जगत एक्ट्रेस को एक्सेप्ट नहीं करता है.
बसपा आने से पहले कितने लोग फुले, शाहू, गाडगे, पेरियार को जानते थे कितने जिले कस्बे ग्राम ,स्कूल, कॉलेज, अस्पताल, पार्क, समुदाय केंद्र व कितनी सरकारी योजनाएं इनके नाम से चल रही थी
सूरत कंपनी के लाख रुपए लेकर फरार हुए आरोपी को पुलिस ने किया गिरफ्तार, जानिए क्या था पूरा मामला
They will insult Sanatan, they will hide the misdeeds of the peace-loving Congress, the secular game of the Left has put the Hindus who are dusting in the eyes of the Hindus, to find the history of their caste, erased the Sanatani history and set the jihadis to achieve the goal of Gajawehind Put NSA on maintenance
NCB summons son of Bangalore councilor in drugs case, Mumbai called for questioning
अंदर का पेंच समझिए अगर प्रशांत भूषण ये एक रूपया अदा करतें हैं तो खुद अवमानना का दोषी ठहराए जाएंगे जो ओ करेंगे नहीं और नहीं करेंगे तो जेल जाना होंगा । मतलब एक तरफ कुआं तो दुसरे तरफ खाई है 
The year before that happened, which has not been done in years. Making a wonderful use of financial inclusion, Respected PM Shri Ji launched the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. This scheme is a boon for improving the standard of living of the poor. But congratulations to the Prime Minister.
Only one way to end the mafia. Shift the Bollywood film industry to Noida.
Go ahead looking forward. Illegal construction in Kangna's office, BMC pasted notice to stop work
Shut up liar Lakh Muslims are in Detention Center in Assam, their citizenship has been taken away. Lakh Hindus who could not prove the same citizenship are coming out through CAA. Now this plan is to implement the fascist government all over India. How do you lie so shamelessly?
जनेऊधारी दत्तात्रेय ब्राह्मण की जनेऊधारी बहन के गले मे मंगलसूत्र की जगह क्रॉस लटका हुआ है, और बोलती है मैं गंगा की बेटी हूं, एक नम्बर की फर्जी चोरी करके बेल पे रहने वाली फैमिली 
The Indian army has no protective equipment, no refinement measures, chemical inroads, inhuman, are these soldiers members of low caste in India
What should Alauddin Khilji write with Padmavati
Today, oxygen screening campaign was conducted in Morena district, in which the people were checked by the workers, along with the people affected by the Aam Aadmi Party, they also took membership in the district president.
It seems that China has become used to beating Hindustan again and again.
कमीनी तेरी औकात सिर्फ Rs.500 ही है।
A huge drop in the percentage of India's GDP in the April-June quarter
See how the group of polar Muslims is lynching this old man, this is happening in Jaffrabad, Delhi, after speaking of Bharat Mata ki Jai, why it is not being shown in the media, why it is not being made viral by true Indians. Awake, Jai Hind
Vice President Naidu suggested to give milk to them in breakfast or lunch to increase the level of nutrition in children
Paytm's earnings increased to Rs crore, loss decreased by percentage
Breaking News Google Maps Removes LoC… It's Just a Time and PoK Will Be Ours Not Only LoC But Also Remove LAC Actual Line With China US May Be Cooking Some Slang About China That higher officials of the US met our NSA today for anti-terrorism action against Pakistan and now it has been
याद कर ले कुत्ते की मौत मरा था तू लोग 
Three CBI officials associated with the case told the India Today group that so far no evidence of murder has been found in the Sushant case. CBI officials said that investigation of the case is still going on
Ten weeks, ten o'clock, ten minutes every Sunday Dengue attacks.
I want to assure everyone that there is no dearth of beds inside Delhi. Right now there are thousands of beds in Delhi, out of which only one thousand beds are filled, and it is a pleasure to know that we are able to provide treatment to the people of Delhi as well as to our brothers in other states.
अंध भक्तों की तरह थाली ताली अमिताभ बच्चन बजाया तो रिश्तेदार हो गया जैसे ही सच बोल गया दुश्मन हो गया करोड़ की देश में तुम्हारे जैसे दोचार लावारिस बहिष्कार करके क्या करेंगे
विकास रेजिमेंट बटालियन के वो जवान, जिनकी वजह से फ्लॉप हो गया चीन का प्लान. देखिए की रिपोर्ट
After three, three, nine ... the children insisted on listening to the multiplication of three, Modi spread
Do you know who made Duck's record in IPL
नायक फ़िल्म में अमरीश पूरीबदला लेने के लिए,अनिल कपूर का घर गिरवा देता है, और बाद में अनिल कपूर ही महाराष्ट्र का सीएम बन जाता है...
Will everyone's electricity bill be forgiven through September?
With the arrival of optical fiber cable by sea and the launch of Airtel Ultra Fast G, people in Andaman and Nicobar Islands will get high speed internet facility and benefit in employment.
पाकिस्तान ने इंग्लैंड को पांच रनों से हराया, तीन मैचों की सीरीज एकएक से बराबर
हिन्दी में रचा गया बालसाहित्य पीढ़ियों से बच्चों और किशोरों के मनोरंजन व ज्ञानवर्धन का साधन रहा है। बाल कथाओं, कविताओं और निबंधों के रूप में सृजित यह साहित्य बाल जगत के लिए संसार की खिड़की है। िन्दीमाह में पर क्लिक कर देखें हिन्दी बालसाहित्य का आकाश।
One Gandhi died, thousands of Hindus killed, second Gandhi died, thousands of Sikhs burnt, the third Gandhi died, thousands of Tamils ​​killed. This is the sacrifice of Gandhi family
To be safe from infection, it is necessary to wear a home-made reusable facecovermask. Change your behavior, attack Corona.
Believe it, if you buy such a petrol car, it can be cheaper by a few lakh rupees via electric car.
He is very low-ranked and low. I do not even know how to reset my elders. Cheater. Only big things.
रेल,तेल,सेल,भेल सबको प्राइवेट में ठेल सत्ता और अमीरों का सेल जो विरोध करें उसको जेल देखो इन बेईमानों का खेल
How will your day be and how much will your fate be today… know in other news related to religion
Ayazeeqin strikes India, intrigue of China. From ladakh
इस मुसीबत की घड़ी में दिल्ली को करोना से बचाने के लिए मैंने सबसे सहयोग माँगा। और सबने बढ़ चढ़ के सहयोग किया। केंद्र सरकार और राधा स्वामी ब्यास के सहयोग से अपने दिल्ली वालों के लिए इतना बड़ा करोना सेंटर बन गया है।
Sad news of former President Shri Pranab Mukherjee passed away. God place the departed soul at your Shri feet and give courage to his family and loved ones to bear this sorrow.
Kurukshetra Deputy Commissioner Sharandeep Kaur Brar said that a ban has been imposed on entering the small secretariat without a face mask to prevent corona infection.
केंद्र और राज्यों का कर्ज इस बार पहुंच सकता है GDP के  के रेकॉर्ड स्तर पर रिपोर्ट via
जोधपुर में चौंकाने वाली वारदात3 बहुओं ने सास की गला घोंटकर हत्या की फिर फंदे पर लटकाया, दो सगी व तीसरी चचेरी बहन गिरफ्तार
Is an app. In this, a person can interact through chat bot and get accurate information about any government scheme, that too through all formats text, audio, video PM
If war happens, China will pay big price with India
मुंबई में, रात 30 बजे नाला सोपारा में एक मंजिला इमारत ढह गई
अवमानना केस में प्रशांत भूषण पर SC ने रुपये का आर्थिक दंड लगाया, जमा नहीं करने पर महीने की जेल
कंगना के समर्थन में करणी सेना शिवसेना के खिलाफ प्रदर्शन में फूंका संजय राउत का पुतला
As soon as Balasaheb left, there is as much Hindutva left in the Shiv Sena as in Paneu, the Janeu Dhari.
With the help of sanitation, hygiene, sanitization and masks, Kovid 19 disease is also controlled along with other diseases. The areas of diarrhea and dysentery have decreased a lot this year in ACS, Medicine and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
सुना है दिल्ली सरकार द्वारा बनाये गये दुनिया के सबसे बड़े कोविड अस्पताल का गृह मंत्री अमित शाह “चोरीचोरी, चुपकेचुपके” उद्घघाटन करने आ रहे हैं, भाजपा कोरोना से लड़ रही है या फिर से
Why do you rot the book smell, why do you have to dance naked now?
Avoid withdrawing money from provident fund, lakhs are lost through withdrawal
Thrill of last ball, decision on last ball, Pakistan draws series
First get the plaster of the house at bay, in such a photo, even the bitch will kill on the fuck off mouth and you will be rejected.
Arvind Kejriwal has to deliver the home
My father is proud of me that I am a million times better than Rahul Gandhi
Education policy is very important in fulfilling the aspirations of the country, PM Modi
Seen in the picture is Bharat Sharma, a student of law at Delhi University and a member of ABVP, a student organization of the Bharatiya Janata Party BJP.
Give Retweet and we will delete it from Amazon Prime due to very low rating on IMDb
Pray to God that you be well soon.
VodafoneIdea has now changed his name to VI. What will the common man benefit from this, whether the rate of recharge will be low or not, whether the network will be better in the mobile or not, the video will be detrimental. In this issue of the pod special, know the answers to these questions
यूपी बोर्ड अब कक्षा से तक के छात्रछात्राओं की करियर काउंसिलिंग भी करेगा।
.लश्करे तैयबाफरिश्तो की सेना .अल कायदाअल्लाह का कायदा .जेश ए मोहम्दमोहम्मद साहेब का दल .तहरिक ए तालिबानपवित्र योद्धाओ का दल .हिजबुल मुजादिनइस्लामी बलिदानियो का समूह, नोट  आतंकवादियों का कोई धर्म नहीं होता शांतिप्रिय समुदाय 
   उद्धव ठाकरे ने पाकिस्तान अधिकृत कश्मीरPOK में फर्जी बंकर को तबाह किया  कश्मीर से कन्याकुमारी तक भारत हमारा है POK…
Free laptops under Prime Minister free laptop distribution scheme Narendra Modi free laptop distribution scheme
केरल,असम, बंगाल, उत्तर प्रदेश, कश्मीर हर जगह से हमारे जिहादी भाईयो को संघी पुलिस ढूंढ ढूंढ कर कुत्ते की मौत मार रही है। इसको मद्देनजर रखते हुए आल इंडिया कटवा लो बोर्ड की तरफ से फरमान जारी किया जाता है कि तमाम मोमिन भाई सरकारी पद से अस्टिफा देकर ISIS में भर्ती हों
A Muslim mother and child were buried alive by Hindus.
You also know how fragile the environment of the country has become. You are besieging the government from all sides. You took money by selling the land of the country for yourself. Night is working hard
There is a bastard dancing along with a bastard who leaves his slave scapegoat and runs away abroad.
Construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya is a sign of the arrival of Ram Rajya in India Ram Rajya means to establish a Brahmin kingdom.
ोविड19 के मद्देनजर दिनों से बंद कोच्चि मेट्रो सेवा आज से शुरू हो गई। यह मेट्रो रेल सेवा कोविड दिशानिर्देशों के अनुरूप चलाई जा रही है। स्टेशनों पर यात्रियों की थर्मल स्क्रीनिंग की जा रही है और उनकी सुविधा के लिए सभी स्टेशनों पर पैर से संचालित सैनिटाइज़र रखे गए हैं।
उन्हे क्रोध आता है तो वो कत्लेआम मचा देते है, और हमें क्रोध आता है तो हम मोदी, योगी को गाली देकर पल्ला झाड लेते हैं। कड़वी है मगर सच्चाई है.....
Indira Gandhi ji with soldiers in Galvan Valley.
Malala, who shouted on the rural issue, has kept silence on Mangalore, Swedong. Malala remained silent on the conversion of Hindu girls in Pakistan. And the CBSE board has a motivator on it. Malala is also running an agenda in support of the Sikh community,
Hindustan Daily News Wrap Listen in this episode, how did Indian Indian respond to the attempt to infiltrate Dyna, what will be the detailed guidelines for Raman Das Athavale and Pilimetro for Gulaman Bazad and Lalsibbal
The Congress is the mole who touches any political party, then it comes to the party road, like the SP, the BSP, the RJD, it seems now, is the turn of the Shiv Sena.
भाजपा सांसद उदित राज ने महिलाओ पर या लाख रुपयों के बदले मर्दो के साथ सोने और फिर उन्हें बदनाम करने का आरोप लगाया ।
SC order MLA to meet the speaker this evening at the petition of Karnataka MLAs resigning. Speakers decide by listening to them. Tomorrow SC will hear again. The SC also asked the DGP of Karnataka to protect the MLAs. Legislators complain that the speaker is hanging the case
Riya Chakraborty leaves from NCB office, is going home under the protection of Mumbai Police Watch Riya on Republic India
This man is a hypocrite
Now it has been proved that the spoon considers PoK not part of India but Pakistan.
Did the posters in Indian Muslims show that it was written in hell, Muslims, Jai Shri Ram, build Babri Masjid in Pakistan
AIP Air independent propulsion The image of Pakistan thinking of ruining India has become such that no one is ready to help them at the international level, although they can also call it Modi's diplomatic victory because everyone knows that Modi and Merkel's How good are the relationships
इंग्लैंड को जीत के लिए गेंद में रनों की जरूरत, विकेट हाथ में
Our effort has been that there should be no death due to corona. Yesterday the death toll has come down to a percentage of the total cases. It is the lowest in the country. Honorable Chief Minister
सुप्रीम कोर्ट का चिन्ह बदल गया....सत्यमेव जयते की जगह..।।यतो धर्मस्ततो जय ।
Poverty will strike, this dream will come true. In the Congress government, there will be strong poor families. When 'sleight of hand' is seen in the advertisement itself, consider how deep the roots of the corrupt mentality of CONgress are. The photo shows that Congress tweeted a photoshopped image of Rahul Gandhi.
This condition of the palm is due to overuse of the sanitizer.
Happy birthday to AAP Madhya Pradesh state social media secretary
Dear friends, I support this trend and thank you for starting it
Shocking truth and BJP goons in police uniform who mercilessly in Uttar Pradesh
जब तक मोदीजी सच नहीं बोलते, तब तक उधार बंद राहुल गाँधी को वोट देने वाले उधार न मांगे, क्योकि यह दूकान मुद्रा योजना के तहत खुला है। धन्यवाद मोदीजी।
When the roots are deeply entangled in religion, the tree will be strong ..
Are you better at guessing then guess and win prize money gt CLICK HERE
This is a photo of Italy, where more doctors died due to coronavirus
Graves being dug in Pakistan for terrorists killed in Indian Air Force attack
Will the GST knock the door of the Reserve Bank to compensate the compensation through the Center
अनुराग कश्यप सुवर की औलाद अगर ये तेरी बहन तेरी मा या तेरी बीवी के साथ कोई और करता तब तू क्या बोलता बे तेरे जैसे कुत्ते को बीच चोराहे पर फांसी पर टांग देना चाहिए है तो तू उसी दाउद का आदमी और JNU जैसे गद्दारो का मददगार हम अपनी भाषा मे उन्हें हलाला नकी पैदाइश कहते
सुशांत मामले में नया मोड़
Kangana's allegation on BMC, said, 'My office was raided, my dream seems to be broken.
मसूद अजहर अगर तुझे तेरे मुस्लिम भाइयों की इतनी चिंता है तो चीन में तेरे अपनो पर खूब अत्याचार हो रहे है । क्या इस बात के लिए चीन को इसका जवाब नही देगा तू ।
पूर्व विधायक निरवेंद्र मिश्रा की मौत पर विवाद छिड़ गया है, वजह को लेकर अब भी हो रहा है संदेह
Sajjan Kumar was seeking bail on the basis of age and increasing disease, but the Supreme Court refused. Know why Sajjan Kumar is in jail
What is the need to evict the people who burn the national flag through the NRC, take out a rally, and the traitors should be expelled from the country.
Compulsory retirement is being sought by the Indian Railways from its employees after completing their age or after completing their years of service.
Just like Abhimanyu's mother's cloak .. The doors of Chakravyuh. He had come to learn to break. Like nowadays illegitimate children of the cave. From inside, become a dog of honor. Leaving Abhimanyu became brave but only these dogs. Will be ....
महाराष्ट में समाजवादी पार्टी नेता अबू आजमी के समर्थन में पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे लगाए जा रहे है.... वडाळा स्टेशन मुंबई
नसीरुद्दीन शाह की तबियत बिगड़ी.. Meanwhile Yamraaj 
विस्तारवादी आदतों और कोरोना महामारी के चलते अलगथलग पड़ा अब जो करने जा रहा है वो दुनिया के लिए चिंता का विषय है
Hollywood actor Chadwick Boseman died. They were years old. Been fighting bowel cancer for some years. Bosman played the lead character in the Marvel series blockbuster film 'Black Panther'. The family tweeted and informed about his death.
राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति को लेकर बोले पीएम मोदी  शिक्षा नीति में सरकार, उसका दखल, उसका प्रभाव, कम से कम होना चाहिए  अपडेट्स के लिए क्लिक करें...
कुत्ते को अरेस्ट करो
Finally, Ramu, an Indian student at the University of Pondicherry, has discovered a home remedy for Kovid 19, first accepted by WHO. He proved that by mixing tablespoon honey and ginger juice with tablespoons of black pepper powder for successive days, the effect of corona can be suppressed and eventually overcome, the whole world is beginning to accept this remedy. Good news at the end of
अल्लaah का दिया सब कुछ है। ईंट, पत्थर, तेजाब, चाकू, तलवार और बम भी है। बस भारत सरकार का दिया पहचान पत्र नही है।
 कोरोना संक्रमित को खाने में क्या देना चाहिये
Babur had found two types of Hindus in India who protested like Kangana .. who gave birth to Timur by kneeling like Kareena ..
Dog bastard pig's child was not your mother and sister daughter, Bhadev, you should be punished to death. Dog country stands with malevolent traitor and a crumbling gang. Should be hanged
कोरोना देश में दुनिया में एक हफ्ते में लाख मरीज बढ़े, इनमें से  संक्रमित भारत से देश में अब तक लाख मामले
Dalit women were brutally beaten up by the upper caste society for filling water from a well in Bijpur, Sonbhadra. Is this democracy? Sonbhadra administration should get it done as soon as possible. Dusk
Durkesh Yadav murder accused Palak Thakur's power connection came in front, know who is his brother
एक बात समझ में नहीं आई जब ताहिर हुसैन आरोपी है और उसके घर के छत पर बहुत सारी आपत्तिजनक चीजें मिली तो क्या दिल्ली पुलिस को उस घर को सील कर देना चाहिए था या उसे मीडिया के लिए अखाड़ा बनाने के लिए छोड़ देना चाहिए था। कोई मुझे समझाएगा
In Mann Ki Baat, the Prime Minister said, Onam is fast becoming an international festival
The improvement in the performance of Uttar Pradesh along with the spirit of cleanliness is encouraging. In the category of top clean cities with more than a million population, Lucknow was ranked at the top, Agra was ranked at the top, Ghaziabad was at the top and Prayagraj was ranked at the top. Congratulations
नेपाल के प्रधानमंत्री के पी ओली ने ठोंका ताजमहल पर दावा कहाँ शाहजहाँ था नेपाली उसका असली नाम शाहाबजी था मगर भारतीयों ने उसको शाहजहाँ बना दिया, नेपाल जल्द ही UN में इसके उपर पिटीशन दाखिल करेगा जोय शाब्जी
Made gold out of potatoes, made a scooter out of water, made a scooter…. Keep a little more patience, do not give diesel till you donkey
America's Time magazine revealed the nexus of WhatsAppBJP. Crores of Indians use WhatsApp and now WhatsApp wants to pay money from it. For this Modi government needs approval. Therefore, BJP has a hold on WhatsApp.
को भद्दी गाली देने वाली जाहिल जिहादन हीरखान को ना सिर्पArrest करे बल्की उसपर Strict actionलेना चाहिऐ ताकि भविष्य मे हिन्दु देवीदेवताओ को गाली देने से पहले ये जिहादीCommunity सौ बार सोचे हम अपने सनातनधर्म का अपमान नही सहेंगे इस जाहिल ने हद पार कर दी है
. Hearty congratulations and best wishes to all the newly appointed General Ministers of Shri Ranbir Singh Rawat ji, Shri Harishankar Khatik ji, Shri Sharadendu Tiwari ji, Shri Bhagwan Das Sabnani ji, Ms. Kavita Patidar ji, I am sure that with the support of all of you, we will be able to organize the organization in Madhya Pradesh Will strengthen
Only researchers and technical and vocational programs in higher education institutions, which require laboratory related work .....
मोदी जी आप तो अपना चेहरा पसीने से मालिश कर चमका लेते हो, पर देश का खून पसीना क्यों निकलवा रहे हो
Pratap Singh Khachariwas gave information by tweeting himself after the Corona report came positive
Today, senior Adv Prashant Bhushan met at his Jangpura office, congratulating him that he is fighting for the justice of the common man. The lockdown was a scam of the Supreme Court on the workers' problem, which was corrected. The Nyay Palika is also an anti-Dalit backward. He told the truth that the judiciary is corrupt.
The family is a mystery from Moti Nehru to Rahul Gandhi. Pappu's real name is Rahul Gandhi, Raul Vinci or Rahul Khan. It describes itself as Dattatreya gotra genevudhari Hindu whereas mother is Christian and father Feroz Khan is Muslim. Is it a British citizen or an Indian. Married or single.
This Siv was not the murder of two innocent monks, but the murder of our Hindu culture, and if this is not stopped, such stories will continue to happen.
Looted the whole country, made Adani Ambani's slave, someone else is confusing, making people's lives hell, looting people and making them beggars Confusing the country
 जीडीपी होने के साथ ही हिन्दू खतरे से बाहर मोदी जी ने कमाल कर दिया बधाई हो सभी कट्टर हिन्दू को
भारत ने कहा, चीनी सैनिकों के साथ लद्दाख में झड़प, चीन ने दिया जवाब
To stop the business of conversion by honorable MPs, the price of punishment, the anti-conversion private members in Parliament…
चम्मचो की जिस तरह पेलाई कर रहा हूँ ये स्पीड ठीक है या थोड़ा और बढ़ाऊभाइयों 
Even if I propose, he should kneel down, fearing that he may not kick the bastard on the chest,
In Aligarh, the Hindu woman of the year has alleged that people of the community took her hostage in the dargah for the day and converted for nikah. There have been cases of love conversion even before the dargahs. Are the Dargahs a hangout of illegal activities
Kangana gets Y-class security, will go to Mumbai on September
If your father has ever done farming, then tell us how many water is used in onion, how many times it falls, how many times pesticide is sprayed, how many times water is sprayed in potato and how many times it takes water in wheat Name the insecticide
Important meeting in Ministry of Defense on China dispute
Modi ji will not leave thousands of kilometers of Indian land by closing the Chinese app. If you call, the whole country will be with you.
Lucknow: History Sheeter Durgesh Yadav murdered, miscreants shot dead in broad daylight
God protect, at this time the whole world and the country of India is facing terrible problems. Corona is just now the ambush in Bengal and then the locust party attack on the farmers, they are emerging from the day of forest fire in Uttarakhand. Uttarakhand is burning, God protect, now don't give any more trouble to animals, birds, trees, plants .... More than half of the species of birds and wildlife are in danger.
Pappu Yadav's target on Nitishtejasvi with a single arrow, said, Make Meera, Manjhi or Chirag CM candidate
्रेकिंगन्यूज़ ानवैली ाख ंडियाचीनफेसऑफ आधिकारिक अधिसूचना के तहत मृतकों की पुष्टि की गई है । लेकिन अब प्रतीत होता है की और जो ICU में थे, उनका निधन हो गया। सूची में मैंडरिन में टेक्स्ट भी है, जो मोटे तौर पर कहता है, हम इन परिवारों के प्रति अपनी गहरी संवेदना व्यक्त करते हैं, और दृढ़ता से हमारे देश की संप्रभुता की रक्षा के लिए प्रतिबद्ध हैं ।
Pyar of Nepal, Dulara of China, Mara of Wisdom, defeated by Corona. Devotees, such a leader is yours
ITBP jawans carried dead body to family for about an hour
It should be investigated in the Delhi riots, it made a riot with its brother-in-law Tahir. When the brother-in-law is in jail, how does this bsd brother-in-law come out?
Saint Keshavanand Bharti, who gave the principle of basic structure of the constitution, passed away, veterans including PM Modi expressed grief
CM नीतीश ने पहली बार लालू यादव की पारिवारिक कलह पर उठाए सवाल, पूछा ऐश्वर्या के साथ कैसा व्यवहार किया की रिपोर्ट
भोसड़ीवाले आखिर तुने अपनी औकात दिखा ही दिया। तु साले एक नम्बर का.कमीना है रे हरामी
अक्टूबर को मध्य प्रदेश के मुरैना में कांग्रेस नेताओं द्वारा सम्बोद्धित एक रैली में पार्टी अध्यक्ष राहुल गाँधी ने एक महिला कार्यकर्त्ता का हाथ पकड़ लिया
Due to the efforts of the Home Minister, all kinds of health facilities were provided to the people of Delhi on time, due to which the rates of those recovering from Corona infection in Delhi have increased today.
दरभंगा में एम्स निर्माण का रास्ता साफ, वित्त मंत्रालय के व्यय वित्त समिति से मिली हरी झंडी
Neither will you listen to me nor will I speak anything, I will die by selling the entire country
देश में त्रासदी की जननी ही कांग्रेस हैं. महाराष्ट्र कैसे संभाला हैं दिख रहा हैं.. .. मुंबई के स्टेशन पर पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे लग रहे हैं.
India in worse condition than Syria Pakistan
मोदी विरोधी, गोल घेरे में जो लिखा है, उसे आखं खोल कर पढ़ लो और समझो कि कांग्रेस और विपक्ष दलों का एजेंडा क्या है मुफ्त बिजली पानी में ही खुश हो कर रह जाओगे तो मुस्लिम राज फिर आ जायेगा।
Dare BJP MLA Anil Upadhyay, see what will happen to the general public when this is the condition of the police… Happy you live in Ramrajya. Make this video so viral that it can see entire India ..
Opposition parties attack Yogi Adityanath government over killing of former MLA in Lakhimpur Kheri
हमारा देश बहुत अच्छा है, यहाँ के लोग बहुत अच्छे हैं, प्रकृति ने भारत में हर सुविधा दी है। लेकिन साल में गंदी राजनीति की वजह से हमारा देश पिछड़ा रह गया। माननीय मुख्यमंत्री श्री जी
शिक्षा के माध्यम से हमें ऐसे विद्यार्थियों को गढ़ना है जो राष्ट्रगौरव के साथसाथ विश्वकल्याण की भावना से ओतप्रोत हों और सही अर्थों में ग्लोबल सिटिजन बन सकें।
कोरोना महामारी से लड़ने के लिए खत्म नहीं हुए हैं आरबीआई के तरकश के तीर via
A number is false. What honor to fuck such a person, has crossed the limits of despair.
ये एक नंबर के दोगले है आप पार्टी वाले इनसे ज्यादा मक्कार और कमीना कोई नही होगा ।
The relationship between Modi and India's development is as if the relationship between the sky and the land ... the two never meet.
Did a Muslim cleric share the fictional Sholayal Jazeera screenshot
ुंबई, विख्रोली केरल के कोझिकोड एयरपोर्ट में प्लेन की क्रैश लैंडिंग के दौरान जान गंवाने वाले कैप्टन दीपक वसंत साठे को टैगोर नगर श्मशान घाट में राजकीय सम्मान दिया गया।
This is why Rahul Baba is called Pappu, see the miracles of Pappu ...
इसके लिए राहुल गांधी ने अभी तक एक भी ट्वीट नही किया जबकि ये की रात को ही हो चुका है।
And it felt Sixer …… only one hit, but Sholid Mara ji… still the heart is Hindustani
समस्तीपुर वर्दी में शराब पीते हुए फोटो वायरल होने के बाद दारोगा को किया गया सस्पेंड
नई कोल्ड चेन परियोजनाओं से किसानों को फायदा प्राप्त होगा परियोजनाओं के माध्यम से किसानों के लिए प्रत्यक्ष और अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से रोजगार उत्पन्न होने की संभावना केंद्रीय मंत्री विवरण
अनलॉक4 के तहत गोवा में मंगलवार से रेस्टोरेंट और बार दोबारा खुल गए, गोवा होटल और रेस्टोरेंट संगठन ने सरकार के इस कदम का स्वागत करते हुए कहा कि उन्हें उम्मीद है कि नवंबर दिसंबर में पर्यटन उद्योग दोबारा वापस लौटेगा
कमीनी जलील औरत बेहूदा औरत तू होगी मुगल की औलाद राजपुतनियो ने तो जौहर किये पर अपनी अस्मत पर हाथ नही आने दिया । इस कमीनी को अरेस्ट किया जाना चाइये। टके की चमची
Anil Ambani gets relief from Delhi High Court, ban on Insolvency process via ambani
Happy Eid to all.
After the IPS promotion, Additional Superintendent of Police Kasganj Aditya Prakash Verma displayed his happiness with his family and got a badge from him.
पी के एक गांव में कोरोना स्क्रीनिंग करने गईं डॉक्टर वंदना तिवारी की मुस्लिमों द्वारा की गई पत्थरबाजी से मौत हो गई।
DSP, which drives terrorists in the car, is out on bail due to not being able to present the diary even during the day and the dock media has kept the public entangled in Riya and Kangana.
History will remember NDTV, which is protecting the fourth pillar of democracy today ...
निर्माण कार्य पटना मेट्रो का चुनाव से पहले शिलान्यास करोड़ में दो एजेंसियों को मिला काम, एकड़ जमीन के लिए अधिग्रहण की तैयारी
Avoid poison if you escape from Corona
I will make such an idea, put a cap and earn votes from jummos in the name of secular .. Then do the facilities like reservation and not…
यूपी आज से फिर पटरी पर दौड़ेगी लखनऊ मेट्रो, सेनिटाइज होंगे टोकन, आरोग्य सेतू एप जरूरी
The Indian Army's Chinar Corps reported that suspicious activities were observed near the LOC in Baramulla sector on August. It was constantly monitored. Later, arms and ammunition were recovered from among the stones here. Terrorist activities were conducted from here.
Home minister Amit Shah should look into the situation. Where are the journalists who share the image of Rohingyas in Bangladesh as Indian expatriates? Will say
You know the name but it is a sin to take the name of this traitor
He is the worst bastard MP
आवश्यक सूचना अभी अभी जानकारी मिली है कि ग्राम नागेलाव वाया पीसांगन जिला अजमेर में एक बालिका का जन्म हॉस्पिटल में हुआ l बालिका ने जन्म लेते ही बोली कि भारत में जो कोरोना वायरस संक्रमण फैला हुआ है उसके बचाव के लिए भारत के प्रत्येक नागरिक को अपने दाएं पैर के अंगूठे के नाखून पर हल्दी का लेप मेहंदी की तरह लगाना है l इससे कोरोना का संक्रमण समाप्त हो जाएगा सभी नागरिक सकुशल रहेंगे l यह कहकर बालिका की उसी समय मृत्यु हो गई यह देखकर अस्पताल के डॉक्टर भी आश्चर्यचकित हो गए l अतः आपसे निवेदन है कि आप भी तत्काल इस तरह का लेप अपने दाएं पैर के अंगूठे के नाखून पर लगाकर कोरोना वायरस संक्रमण से अपना एवंअपने परिवार का जीवन को बचाएं l यह फेक न्यूज़ नहीं है सत्य घटना है 
Death audit has been cited in relation to the deaths of the total corona positive patients. There have been total cases and deaths in the past days. The news of the deaths of Corona patients admitted in the last hour is untrue.
Did Suresh Raina Srinivasan return to India due to rift with MS Dhoni, many revelations
चुतिया है साला।
America tops the corona infection case, Kamala Harris targets President Trump
जो देश लड़ाकू विमान के चक्का तक नहीं बना पाई वह देश दूसरे देश की लड़ाकू विमान की असली नकली की पहचान कर लेती है यह न्यूज़ चैनल वाले को साइंटिस्ट बना दीजिए कहीं दो चार लड़ाकू विमान बना दें
After PM Modi's photo with peacock went viral, Rahul has also clicked such photo with animal. Rahul Gandhi is seen reading the book, a donkey is also seen sitting nearby.
How was the paper this time, read what the students said
The cartoon is a replay of a popular Spiderman-centric meme, which shows Prime Minister Narendra Modi singlehandedly protecting India from opposition and foreign forces.
In Darbhanga, Bihar, a one-year-old girl, named Cycle Girl Jyoti Kumari, was raped and murdered. Why is the media silent
The strength of the country increased, India included in the hypersonic club of America and China.
बाबरी मस्जिद का फैसला सुनाने वाले चीफ़ जस्टिस रंजन गोगोई कोरोना पॉजिटिव
The mother will bet out the son ... The son will bet out the mother .. The balls have to be always fielding ..
If you are thinking of investing in FD, then let us tell you that these banks have reduced FD rates
The oppression is not so bad as the silent silence Hindus learn to speak or else the generations to come will go dumb and deaf…
In the drugs case, NCB will interrogate Riya Chakraborty again today, in the interrogation of NCB yesterday, Riya admitted that Basit, a drugs dealer, used to come to her house.
On challaning, the boy set his car on fire and placed the children with pistols on the road.
If Modi is there, it is possible that till one year ago, the nation used to see this picture too, but now there is no strength in any child, that he will be able to dance his antics on the red shocked but hope that they too will soon fulfill the dream of India. There will be union power tomorrow
Hey bay bitch Devotee is a sacred word for us. This word is sacred as God. You have played with our religious feelings, l From
Liberation in India is clapping for bread
The business deal that Sushant had done on June, why did that deal Deepesh remembered on the day of Sushant's murder.
Rajasthan High Court has given an important decision on school fees on Monday.
मेरी नही तेरी कमीने
This lynching incident is from the village of Kamand in Uttar Pradesh which is on the Haryana border, one of the men was killed in Ronda village of Bulandshahr, even before the day a man was murdered in lynching in Saharanpur, Yagi ji Who gave the right to these people to kill someone.
The post of Dom Raja of Kashi is a symbol of diversity, prevalence and social harmony in Indian culture. The death of Baba Vishwanath's true worshiper Dom King Shri Jagdish Chaudhary Ji is extremely sad. His death is an irreparable loss to the Sanatan tradition and Indian society.
Salutes the martyrdom and valor of Shri Prashant Sharma, a soldier of the Army, resident of Muzaffarnagar district, who was killed in an encounter with terrorists in Pulwama, Jammu and Kashmir. This supreme sacrifice of sacrificing his life to protect the nation will always be remembered. Uttar Pradesh is proud of you. Jai Hind
कोल इंडिया लिमिटेडसी.आई.एल. ने परियोजनाओं के विकास पर करोड़ रुपये का निवेश करेगी
Tinder has not commented on Pakistani actions
जब कोरोना सैकड़ों में था तो मोदी जी ने संभाला, हज़ारों में पहुंचा तो मुख्यमंत्रियों ने , लाख में पहुंचा DM ने amp जब इससे भी ऊपर गया तो अब जनता ने मोर्चा ले लिया है।
रेलवे ने अगस्त महीने में करोड़ लाख टन माल ढुलाई की
की दक्षिण एशिया पब्लिक पॉलिसी डायरेक्टर Ankhi Das को जान से मारने की धमकी मिली, दिल्ली पुलिस के सामने अपना बयान दर्ज कराया
टाइम्स नाऊ चैनल कुछ दिन से देश में धर्मांतरण पर स्पेशल प्रोग्राम दिखा रहा है। उसमें यह बात सामने आई है आंध्र प्रदेश में ईसाई आबादी प्रतिशत के ऊपर हो चुकी है। जबकि काग़ज़ों में ये सिर्फ़ प्रतिशत हैं। यही हाल पूरे देश में है।
No, this bastard never thinks of the good of this country, it only fills his house.
You can apply in the Supreme Court, there can be something from it, otherwise in the lower court it is such a waste of time and money, there are many lawyers who fight the case for free, you will have to meet them in the media also you have to stand at the Janthamantar and say Will always be with you
 पिठानी ने CBI के सामने खोले राज’सुशांत के क्रेडिट कार्ड पर शॉपिंग करती थी रिया, घर का सामान भी बेचा’
Keep an eye on stocks like TCS and Granules India today, will benefit via
ये है भक्तो के फूफ्फा जी इनके करतूत देखे
सितंबर से प्रदेश में लगभग जगहों में ऑक्सीजन जांच अभियान चलाने की तैयारी के तहत प्रदेश अध्यक्ष जी ने प्रदेश कार्यालय भोपाल में जिलावार ऑक्सीमीटर वितरण का कार्य शुरू किये। . . .
“JNU देशद्रोही है और पाकिस्तान का समर्थक है” के बाद हाज़िर है “मुंबई देशद्रोही है और पाकिस्तान जैसा है” ये भक्त कौनसा गाँजा फुँकते है..
Indian Railways lac staff and member staff in railway board
भारत ने कहा, चीन के सैनिकों के साथ लद्दाख में झड़प, क्या कहना है चीन का स्टोरी टीम बीबीसी आवाज़ भरत शर्मा
The court has issued guidelines related to the worship, no devotee will perform Panchamrit Abhishek.
PM Modi will give a final visit to Pranab Mukherjee
Finish the jobs so that religion should be endangered to every person and he should become part of the crowd and become a weapon of power, eyeing the constitution…
Yesterday, it seemed as if someone had sprayed insecticide on blind devotees and roadside brokers.
The dignitaries of the country expressed their condolences on the death of the former President.
Kolkata Knight Riders had won the title in two more times, although after this, they have not been able to reach the final in the last six years.
मुंबई के हॉस्पिटल में भर्ती ऋषि कपूर का ये आखिरी वीडियो है , जिसमे ऋषि कपूर का इलाज कर रहे डॉक्टर ने उनके ऊपर फिल्माया गया गाना गाया....
,  स्मिथ की अर्धशतकीय पारी की बदौलत ऑस्ट्रेलिया ने इंग्लैंड को दिया रनों का लक्ष्य
UP became Mahajangal Raj. By now you must have heard that a human or car rider was abducted, but now only the kidnapped.
On the night of September, the Chinese army again infiltrated the LAC. The Chinese Army had tried to remove the Indian Army from Black Top Hill and this attempt was thwarted by the Indian Army.
धारा188 के तहत लोगों के विरुद्ध एफआईआर दर्ज की गई। प्रदेश में अब तक वाहनों की सघन चेकिंग में वाहन सीज किए गए। चेकिंग अभियान के दौरान ₹71,70,69,959 का शमन शुल्क वसूल किया गया ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
एक हफ्ते में टेस्ट होंगे दोगुने, घर पर भी मिलेगी ऑक्सीजन।
Miss those you loved even today and your eyes become moist
B.J.P. What Modi will say on this act of MLA Anil Upadhyay, a police officer would be able to create the situation. Why are you not showing such a video with the TV news channel
केंद्र सरकार ने कर्मचारियों के लिए नई गाइडलाइन जारी की हैं जिससे कोरोना संक्रमण को फैलने से रोका जा सके। केवल असिम्प्टेमेटिक कर्मचारियों की एंट्री, कंटेनमेंट जोन में रहने वालों को बाहर निकलने की जरूरत नहीं।
Funeral performed with state honor at Lodhi crematorium
NCB's first arrest in drugs case, links to Riya Chakraborty
Hindustan will not tolerate insult to the country, Facebook's Aankhi Das cut the tricolor cake
Jai Hind's army .. And the desolate country is malevolent ... They should also know that to take back their own land, they also need courage, valor and courage. Which some traitorous pigs had left to take possession of as their father's goods. Some bastards don't think before they send anything
Attachment warrant issued against the killer, Raghunandan Baidya has been absconding since the murder, murder of in-laws in Orissa, Lalitpur and Orissa police are searching, case of Sadar Kotwali's Chaukabagh.
कब खत्म होगा कोरोना वायरस स्वास्थ्य मंत्री डॉ. हर्षवर्धन ने दिया ये जवाब 
This is the strong slogan of Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao, BJP. Under Modi your daughters daughters got robbed in the market. In a country where daughters have such a predicament, what should every mothers do
Respected PM Shri ji is unaware of his efforts to make the lives of the youth bright. Youth should get respect in accordance with their interest, talent, ability and skill, this is the basis of Prime Minister's policies. Thanks to the Prime Minister dedicated to the protection of youth interests
The largest commercial market in RDC's Ansal Building, an iron pillar collapsed, two-wheeler damaged, thanks to the lives of people, it could have been a big accident, due to the negligence of the builder.
The disenchanted characters are overshadowed by the entire opposition from the BJP alone, without these, I do not feel like watching TV debates .. Who thinks so,
Scheduled Caste and Backward Classes Welfare Minister Dr. Banwari Lal informed that the State Government has made provision of an amount of crores of rupees under various schemes for Scheduled Caste farmers in FY 21.
महाराष्ट्र सरकार  कितने आदमी थे  BMC सरकार सिर्फ एक ही महिला थी । हम सब कि वाट लगा दी सरकार..
The country will not forget this pain, even the rioters did not leave the child coming home from school, till now the news of the death of a child has come to the country, what was the pain of this painful picture on the social media of the Delhi riots, this country of this child Won't forget the pain
Do you know the meaning of 'Orange Cap' has done this amazing feat for Indians
देश के उन राज्यो में है, जहां कोरोनाकी वजह से सबसे ज्यादा मौते हुई है. फिर भी क्यों इन बातों को किया जा रहा नजरअंदाज 
असंगठित क्षेत्र के कामगारों के लिए खुशखबरी, सरकार करने जा रही है यह बड़ा काम via
सबरीमाला में महिलाओं के प्रवेश पर सुप्रीम कोर्ट के आदेश की तुलना केरल में महिलाएं एलपीजी मूल्य में बढ़ोतरी से ज्यादा परेशान हैं। इस लेख ने तस्वीर को मुख्य तस्वीर के रूप में उपयोग किया है और मलयालम में शीर्षक कहता है, महिलाओं ने कोट्टारकर, कोल्लम में घरों का दौरा करने वाले और सबरीमाला मुद्दे पर हस्ताक्षर एकत्र करने वाले बीजेपी नेताओं को गैस सिलेंडर बिल दिखाकर किया विरोध।
This year, the country's economy, the only agricultural sector through positive growth through farmer confidence
When will the affairs of Lovejehad be controlled, another case came up in Prayagraj of Uttar Pradesh
आखिर पाकिस्तान जैसा आतंकी देश भारत में कांग्रेस सरकार क्यू चाहता है .सभी भारतीय विचार करे
यदि ऐसा कुछ है तो बहुत अच्छा निर्णय है. लेकिन काश मानसिकता भी बदली होती और जैसा कि आप बता रहे हो बाबरी अस्पताल तो इसका नाम किसी मुस्लिम महापुरुष के नाम पर रखा होता ना कि आक्रांता के नाम पर
Hey Adani Ambani's dog played the game of plundering the land of the farmer, plundering the land of the farmer, trying to make his friend industrialist richer, the traitor farmer of the country told you to bring legislators for me, the farmer said on the MSP Why not make law
दलित कार्ड पर मुकेश सहनी का नीतीश को साथ, महागठबंधन में सब ठीक नहीं
. This is a big bastard, it only spews venom against the Hindu brothers, in the same affair a few days ago, was also imprisoned. I have no sympathy for people like these.
उत्तर प्रदेश के त्रिस्तरीय पंचायत चुनाव में दो बच्चों से अधिक वाले लोगों पर लग सकती पाबंदी
मुख्यमंत्री श्री जी ने टोसिलिजुमैब और रेमडीसीविर इंजेक्शन को प्रदेश की मेडिकल कॉलेजों में उपलब्ध कराने का निर्णय लिया है, ताकि मरीज़ों की जीवन रक्षा की जा सके।
Good news before the election, roads and bridges will be built in the naxalite affected districts of Bihar from crore
भक्तों कि अम्मा देश कि संस्था बेचतीं हुई.
सुशांत केस  रिया से चौथे दिन पूछताछ, CBI के हाथ नहीं लगा कुछ खास
लुधियाना अस्पताल की बालकनी से कूदे कोरोना संक्रमित ने तोड़ा दम, घर वाले बोले महंगे टेस्ट से था परेशान
Captain said, now young, it will take time to learn
   इस्लाम में निकाह के अलावा भाईबहन का कोई और त्यौहार भी होता है क्या बस ऐसे ही पूछ रहा था 
Sushant Singh Rajput Case: A team of Mumbai Police along with women constables arrived at DRDO's guest. Riya Chakraborty is going to leave here in a short time.
Only saints know the right treatment for this peace loving community. Virathuji in Myanmar and Yogiji in India.
वह रंगीन वीडियो मेरी नहीं थी मोदी जी की भतीजी की थी जानकारी दुरुस्त कर लेना
Indian dominance on Ladakh border, the army said that we fully occupied the disputed area of ​​Southern Pangong, the army occupied many peaks of the area.
ISRO is brahminical and why anti-minority also sent Vikram to the moon, why not Osman Abdul or Peter? People are dying
उन्होंने निर्देशित किया है कि जनपद लखनऊ में विशेषज्ञ चिकित्सकों की एक टीम गठित की जाए, जो डिजिटल प्लेटफॉर्म पर जनता की स्वास्थ्य सम्बन्धी दिक्कतों को दूर करने में परामर्श प्रदान करे ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
खेल मंत्री ने कहा कि पूरी तरह से लोगों का आंदोलन रहा है और इसे लोग ही आगे ले जा रहे हैं
मोहतरमा के पहले तो अम्बानी भूखा मर रहा होगा , और जो U P A govt ने एक लाख करोड़ के काम दिए थे उनका क्या , उल्लूओं को दिन में दिखाई नही पड़ता है
IPO के साथ बोनस शेयर जारी कर सकती है LIC, जानिए क्या है सरकार की तैयारी via
हर तरफ चर्चा ए पब्जी है. लेकिन उसके साथ बैन हुए ऐप्स पर कोई बात ही नहीं कर रहा. कई ऐसे गेम्स बैन हुए जिसके करोड़ों खेलने वाले थे लेकिन उन पर कोई बात ही नहीं कर रहा है.
बढ़त पर बंद हुआ बाजार, AGR फैसले के बाद भारती एयरटेल के शेयर ने भरी रफ्तार
हमें सार्वजनिक परिवहन को दुरुस्त करना होगा हमें इलेक्ट्रिक वाहनों का प्रयोग करना होगा प्रकाश जावडेकर
In the meeting of Lok Janshakti Party, it has been decided that candidates will be announced on the assembly seats and the list will be sent to the Central Parliamentary Board at the earliest. The party chief will make decisions related to the alliance in the election.
Today, those who make fun of the chaiwala are drinking tea by roaming around to celebrate the people of their party.
To make the Hindus impotent, they used to get medicines in their biryani.
A Hindu brother was forced to tell jihadi militants to stay away from home during the lockdown. Bhai Revat Singh Tanwar Madwa was killed in Pokaran. The administration is requested to arrest the culprits immediately. If patience is broken then it will be difficult to handle.
Showing three correct signs means the government has seen the message and one of the three symbols is red means that the government will take action against you. These claims are false and there is no basis for this false information has been rejected earlier. is
इतने बड़ेबड़े महान अर्थशास्त्री आत्माओं के रहते हुये सालों में देश को विकसित राष्ट्र नहीं बना पाए...भारत के बाद आज़ाद हुआ चीन सालों में कहाँ से कहाँ पहुँच गया... और और उसके चमचों ने भारत को कहाँ पहुँचा दिया...हद हैं चाटुकारिता की...  रहो।
Permission to open hotels in Maharashtra, Metro will not run at present
Rashid took two wickets in the over. First pavilion sent to Carrie and then Stoinis. Australia in difficulty again. Score over 5
MLA's brother commits suicide due to Rona, Sanjay Rajput commits suicide in terror
Go out and upload it on Facebook and tag KEM as well. Kejarwal should be ashamed…. If there is no parity, then request for imposition of President's rule
Congress attacked the Modi government over the fight of
CM targets the opposition, says some people just criticize
क्या इस खबर पर किसी TV चैनल में बहस हुई गुजरात की अव्यवस्थाओं पर TV चैनल मौन क्यों हैं
The Katyayani mantra was sung by the Honorable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi who is invoking the power for the country, never thought that the Prime Minister would have an influential voice.
प्रणब मुखर्जी के बारे में जानें किन चीजों का था शौक, क्या रहा मलाल
Abe Madharchod Hallala's birth, a boar born from Kothe's Dalli, is the illegitimate child of the terrorist community celebrating the euphoria with his father and brother.
Drug nexus also revealed in Kannada film industry, Indrajit Lankesh claimed this
From the map of the Ram temple to the SOP of the metro, these news will be watched today
Sonia's loyalist Kapil Sibal will fight two cases for the Chinese app Tiktok Bain case in Supricourt
How will control on the internet, how will the monitoring of content online class? Watch the big debate on the most important issue of the state… Watch politics at only ABP with Ganges
NHAI ने विकासकर्ताओं, सलाहकारों के प्रदर्शन पर नजर रखने के लिए बनाया पोर्टल via
राशिफलः आज इन राशियों को व्यवसायिक योजना में मिलेगी सफलता
में से रेप के आरोपी, उनके समर्थन से अरविंद केजरीवाल जी मुख्यमंत्री, वाकई नई राजनीति की शुरुआत हुई है, दिल्ली को रेप कैपिटल कहने वाले, आप लोगों ने तो आरजेडी को पीछे कर दिया, लालू प्रसाद जी खुश होंगे आज कि कोई तो आगे निकला, समझ आता है कि निर्भया कांड क्यों होता है जनता।
Doctors treating Corona patients who returned home after nearly months
Bangladesh expresses deep grief over the demise of former President Pranab da, announces national mourning
राष्ट्रीय कौशल प्रशिक्षण, औद्योगिक प्रशिक्षण संस्थानों, राष्ट्रीय कौशल विकास निगम अथवा राज्य कौशल विकास मिशनों में अथवा भारत सरकारराज्य सरकार में पंजीकृत अल्पकालिक प्रशिक्षण केन्द्रों में कौशल अथवा व्यवसायिक प्रशिक्षण की अनुमति होगी ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
May. It took place in Telinipara, West Bengal. Evacuated and attacked Muslim residents, looted and burned properties in a systematic, planned manner.
The Question Hour will not be held in the Monsoon Session of Parliament, everyone will have to follow the COVID19 protocol
Facebook has banned all election ads related to US President Donald Trump.
इस तस्वीर को मोदी जी ने यथार्थ कर दिया है 
The Allahabad High Court has ordered the release of Kafeel Khan. His wife responded to this
Jayanthi Saha, who came out of the DRDO guest house after over an hour of questioning by the CBI. The name was revealed in Sushant Case through Riya Chakraborty's leaked WhatsApp chat. CBI is trying to link financial, drug and crime angles.
Bihar Election News Another blow to RJD, Teghra MLA Virendra Kumar joins JDU
पूर्व विधायक कुलदीप सिंह को मिली जमानत क्या यह वही bjp विधायक है जिसने पूरा एक हस्ता खेलता हिन्दू परिवार बर्बाद कर दिया और तथाकथित हिन्दू रक्षक वाले मुँह में केला लेकर चुप बैठ गए
The infighting of the Congress is now openly coming to the surface and it seems that the end of the party formed by an Englishman will be concluded by a foreign woman. This old political party of India has come to an end due to the foreign woman wearing the mask of Tyagurmurti. It is
What are the options after the huge fall in GDP
ग्रेटर नोएडा कैब के अंदर खून से लथपथ मिला चालक का शव, पुलिस ने किया जल्द खुलासे का दावा
B.j.p. What will Mr. Modi say on this statement of MLA Anil Upadhyay, make these videos so viral that it can see the whole of India ..
Rafael could also be found if Y category security was found in Ljubani war.
क्या शर्म की बात है तू तो सबसे बड़ी बेशर्म है कुतिया दलाली शुरू की है तूने टिकट के लिए।।।।।।। देखते है कि तू कब तक दलाली करती है।।। घिनोना है तेरा कैरेक्टर
Special offer till date Amitabh Bachchan went to urinate himself, the reporter tasted himself and told that sugar is also under control.
I was admitted by Hhaiyakumar v .. till now he is the same, so tell me what is the course that did not complete even in the year
As the first citizen of India, he made conscious efforts to connect with people and increase people's proximity to Rashtrapati Bhavan. He opened the doors of Rashtrapati Bhavan to the public. His decision to end the circulation of His Majesty's word for the President is historic.
हमें अपने कोरोना वॉरियर्स पर गर्व है जिन्होंने अपनी जान की बाज़ी लगाकर लोगों की सेवा की है। उन्हीं में से एक योद्धा हमारे सफ़ाई कर्मचारी राजू जी भी थे। आज उनके घर जाकर परिवार से मिला और ₹1 करोड़ की सहायता राशि दी। आशा है कि इससे उनके परिवार को मदद मिलेगी।
Kangana's mother Asha Ranot joined BJP, which was expected by her countrymen
They add bombs to the bait of animals, you talk to them of brotherhood, you are bigger than them ..
पंजाब कैबिनेट मंत्री नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने अगस्त, को पंजाब के गुरदासपुर में भारतपाक सीमा पर दूरबीनों के माध्यम से गुरुद्वारा करतरपुर साहिब में पूजा की थी।
What will the commentator say on this statement of Anil Upadhyay, make these videos of RSS so viral that it can see the whole of India ..
Rss BJP agent small mouth big thing, at the age of dying, I got a system of new promotions done by destroying the country and kept it asking questions.
This is the real face of the Congress .... Your two words for these dogged Congressmen ... Not like ... Comment pls, Congress's CM Siddaramaiah took out a rally and Lord Ram to demoralize Hindus in Karnataka Slapped on the photo of the Congress to make Christians and Muslims happy, Congress shared these and brought the face of Congress to the world
INS Sahyadri found under fire on MT New Diamond
Teams and SDRF teams for search and rescue in flood affected districts of the state Teams and P.A.C. Total teams have been deployed including teams of Relief Commissioner, Shri Sanjay Goyal
UP: Shubham massacre revealed, warts hatched conspiracy to kidnap, killing ransom
The disturbing photo of a priest hanging from the temple wall in Uttar Pradesh is being shared on social media with a false news. It is being claimed that Hindu priests have been murdered by Muslims.
In a special conversation with India Today, Riya Chakraborty answered some tough questions and presented herself as a Paksaf. Read here the main points of that interview
Swara Bhaskar always supports bastard issue
There will be a bunch of thousands of lovers in your id, in my id, the saffron-striped lions roar, we have intoxication of saffron color. hail Hail…
Kangana is a very stupid woman, the number one is the sixth bastard.
दुबई में साल की बच्ची के साथ बलात्कार किया गया ... इस बलात्कार की घटना के मिनट के भीतर, न्यायपालिका ने पुलिस को सार्वजनिक रुप से बलात्कारी को गोली मारने का आदेश दिया ...
According to the NCRB data, every day people in India have killed lakhs of deaths in the whole year, in these cases only in the states
 पूर्व डीएसपी देविंदर सिंह के जरिए विदेश मंत्रालय में घुसपैठ करना चाहता था पाकिस्तान
Kangana was given a Y category security by Kangana, the Home Ministry, Kangana claimed to be threatened
   जेल चली गयी बॉलीवुड की गुड़िया.. कौन दिलवाएगा अब बाकी लोगों को पुड़िया
Shalini Yadav's Facebook video of the girl turned viral, said this big thing about her marriage
There was an uproar due to the burnt dead body of the middle-aged, the body recovered from near the public toilets, allegations of burning alive on the domineering of the village, fear of burning alive the family, the case of Uttargaon Bastidei of Gauriganj.
The statement of the owner of Himalaya Company We are the first Muslims. We are not loyal to India. We own India.
The user's KYC Know Your Customer has been suspended and they must call a number to reactivate it.
This time the people of Uttarakhand will fight for their rights and new expectations with the Aam Aadmi Party.
डॉक्टरों के साथ बदतमीजी करते जिहादी
Hit it on your head first and then act on it crazy fuckin
फिलीस्तीन और कश्मीर दोनो की कहानी एक जैसी है, फिलीस्तीनियों को भी उनके घर में सुकून से नहीं रहने दिया जा रहा और कश्मीरियों को भी कभी सर्च ऑपरेशन तो कभी अलगाओवादी का ठप्पा लगा के ख़ून बहाया जाता है..
The Twitter handle named ADG PI Indian Army parody has been carrying out tweets warning the Chinese Army for the past few days.
China became famous in Pangong
Rohit Sharma is working hard before IPL
India's central bank plans to close the rupee note from December onwards.
Zomato के मालिक दीपेंद्र गोयल ने कहा….नहीं चाहिए हिन्दू कस्टमर्स से बिज़नेस जिसे मुसलमान डिलीवरी बॉय से सामान नहीं लेना न ले, हमारे लिए धर्म नहीं खाने का व्यापार ही सबसे बड़ा धर्म है”  तो मूर्ख हिंदुओं क्या भूखे मर जाओगे अगर ज़ोमैटो से नही मंगवाओगे तो
Ho Mohatrama, which was the name of democracy, which was not a democracy, or when there was a murder, there is a capital system.
This temple located in Bali Indonesia is of Lord Shiva
AIIMS team raised many questions on doctors doing Sushant's postmortem
Breakthrough Indian astronomers discovered one of the farthest galaxies
 देश की पहली महिला हृदय रोग विशेषज्ञ डॉ. पद्मावती ने साल की उम्र में तोड़ा दम
This is a Delhi-burning terrorist, it should be run like a mad dog and be beaten
भारत रत्न, मृदुभाषी, विख्यात अर्थशास्त्री एवं राजनीतिज्ञ पूर्व राष्ट्रपति श्री प्रणव मुखर्जी के निधन के समाचार से गहरा दुःख पहुंचा है. उनसे जितनी बार भी मिला कुछ नया सीखने को मिला. नीति निर्माण के पुरोधा को हम सब की ओर से भारी हृदय से श्रद्धांजली.
साधना पहली बार में आई राज कपूर की फिल्म ‘श्री ’ में नजर आई थीं
Pok में बना कोठे वाली का बंकर तोड़कर पुलिस ने बहादुरी का काम किया। Yesno
दिल्ली देश का पहला राज्य जहां रिकवरी रेट 
Who said to you, Owaisi ji is old, but he has grown knowledge earlier.
DPS started the country cooperation ,,, Every student in ₹ 400 will have to take this mask. Think these bastards have given the best n95 masks even up to ₹ 100 or not these private schools are called schools The slaughterhouse of humanity should be declared. Is it not the responsibility of the government to take action against them
IGNOU final year semester term and exam date released, exam will start from september, this year about lakh students will be included
When the turn came to take the exam on its own, Corona remembered why don't ask any questions to you now
After the withdrawal of Ra and A, a rally was organized in Sindh province of Pakistan. To separate Sindh from Pakistan. Sindhu is facing the punishment of Sindh Nehru's sin
As soon as I woke up in the morning, the first tweet was seen.
अपनी सेहत का ख़्याल किए बिना आप रात दिन घंटे जनता की सेवा में लगे रहे। अपना ख़्याल रखें और जल्द स्वस्थ हों।
But the tanks of India and China are face to face.
According to NCRB data, on an average, people commit suicide every day in India
जब पूरी दिल्ली दुर्घटनाग्रस्त हो जाएगी, तो क्या आप तब मिलेंगे क्या आप इसका आनंद ले रहे हैं कमिश्नर और डीसीपी कॉल का जवाब नहीं दे रहे हैं और वह मिलने के लिए तैयार नहीं हैं। हर किसी को मार दें, जिन्होंने आपको वोट नहीं दिया। हमें अभी उनसे मिलने दें। यह अब एक मज़ाक बन गया है। दिल्ली जल रही है। क्या आपको इस वजह से चार्ज दिया गया है क्या आपको लगता है कि हम पागल हैं
Do not get upset, if the recession does not end itself, its name will be changed to Bulandi, anything is possible in the time of blind faith.
भाइयो बहनो, तुम मेरे गिरने की बेहद सी हद तो देखो  हम रोटी को भी प्रचार का साधन बना लेंगें 
मुझे धर्म में कमियां नजर आती है वहां बोल देती हूं यही कमी है मुझमें इसीलिए आपको हिंदू मुस्लिम नजर आने लगता है
दरअसल ये जो लाशों का ढेर आप देख रहे हैं, यह चीन द्वारा छुपाई गयीं लाशें हैं जो उसने कोरोना संक्रमित होने के बाद हुई मौत के चलते समुद्र में फ़ेंक दी थी जो अब ताइवान हॉंकॉंग सहित समुद्री तट से लगे देशों के किनारों पर आने लगी हैं  उस देश में जिसमे ये लाशें बह कर आ रही हैं, देश खासे परेशान हैं और बेहद चिंतित हैं क्यूंकि लाशों को खाने से जो समुद्री जीव हैं वह भी संक्रमण का शिकार हो सकते हैं और इन लाशों के ढेर अलग अलग देशों के तट पर आने लगे हैं  ये वायरल वीडियो इन दिनों दुनिया में खलबली मचाये हुए है  फ़िलहाल ये किस देश का है इस बात की पुष्टि नहीं हो पाई है  यह वीडियो वायरल है जिसमे कहा गया है की चीन ने जो कोरोना वायरस से संक्रमित लोगो की मौत हुई है उसे समंदर में फ़ेंक दिया और वह पडोसी देशों के किनारों पर इस समय इस तरह से हिचकोलें खाते हुए लहरों के साथ आ रहे हैं जिसे देखकर काफ़ी पीड़ा होती है  चीन को लेकर पहले ही पूरी दुनिया आक्रोशित है और इस तरह की हरकतों से अगर ऐसा चीन वास्तव में कर रहा है तो दुनिया उसको कभी माफ़ नहीं करेगी और उसको ले कर रोष और उत्पन्न हो जाएगा ... वायरल वीडियो में यह दावा किया गया है की ये लाशें चीन द्वारा समुन्द्र में डंप की गई थी जो अब बह कर आस पास के पडोसी देशों में पहुंचने लगी हैं... 
TV demand stopped two decades ago, know why people are willing to pay the price
Dish TV's share jumped, know what was the reason via
These women want to organize religious riots, now it is the responsibility of the government, police and all Hindu organizations to put NSA on this woman to take action under Rasuka at the earliest
Earlier, the report of State Minister of State for Social Welfare, Dr. GS Dharmesh, also came Corona positive…
I pray to God to get well soon sir.
चंद घंटों में Zoom के सीईओ की संपत्ति में हुआ करोड़ का इजाफा
It is the rate, whether you get a stone killed or pick it up or get something done
Free ration to cook on free gas. In the free toilets, some Chaman Bhatoor are spending their GDP on ...
सुशांत की बहन श्वेता का ट्वीट कहा हम सच सामने लाएंगे, आपको न्याय दिलाएंगे
बेंगलुरु में ठीक हो चुकी महिला को फिर से हुआ कोरोना
MODI ji will say this action of BJP MLA Anil Upadhyay, make this video so viral that it can see the whole of India ..
Kamini Khalnayak Kumar Hai Tujh Par Tu Hai Teri Movie On Teri Movie Ka Baayenge Na Na Tere Teri Akaal Thikne Haina Badtameez Humans and Teri Baby Maa Badtameez Hai All Dirty Dirty Abuses Of The World For Your Teri Biwi
एक तरफ दिल्ली सरकार ने प्राइवेट स्कूलों को ट्यूशन फ़ीस के अलावा कोई अन्य फ़ीस ना लेने का आदेश दिया है। वहीं दूसरी तरफ उत्तर प्रदेश सरकार फ़ीस में रियायत की माँग कर रहे अभिभावकों पर डंडे का दम दिखा कर FIR करवा रही है।
आज देश में आतंकी नाथूराम गोडसे और माफ़ीवीर ....vरकर जैसी विचारधारा के बलात्कारी लोगो ने राज कर रखा है बीजेपी के विद्यायक कुलदीप सेगर सांसद चिमयनंद जसे लोग बाहर हे गांधी वादी विचार धारा के अच्छे इंससनो की जगह जेल में है 
एक जीत का घमण्ड सिर चढकर बोल रहा है ।। ायलट खुद प्रधानमंत्री ोदी के पोस्टर पर कालिख पोतते हुए ।।  ीकोकहतेहैंविनाशकालेविपरीतबुद्धि ।।
Birth of brother-in-law. No return
Gandhi is called GANDU in Kerala, did the people of Wayanad recognize it in four days but the spoon did not recognize it till date… brother, there is literacy in Kerala, you know… how much honor has been received SHRI RAHUL GANDU I'm not saying that the poster is saying
खबर के मुताबिक एक और देश द्रोही मिला, गुजरात से नकली नोटों का भंडार पकड़ा गया और ईमानदार संघ समर्थक श्री केतन दवे ब्राह्मण की कार से मिला ये नकली नोटो का जखीरा... इनसे बड़ा भी कोई देशद्रोह हो सकता है क्या... ये तो देश की अर्थवयवस्था को ही निगल रहे थे,इनको क्या सजा मिलनी चाहिए
अगस्त माह, में मामले डायरिया के थे, इस वर्ष अगस्त माह में कोई भी मरीज नहीं है। पिछले वर्ष कालाजार के मामले थे, इस वर्ष कोई भी नहीं है ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
Now Delhi residents will not have any problem in getting tested. Much more testing will be done in the coming days than this.
The Aam Aadmi Party government of Delhi has issued important instructions regarding the fees of private schools. P.C. Getty Images
The war against Corona continues, 'Har jaan hai kimti' appeals to the people of Delhi, get more and more investigation, wear masks and follow social distancing. Our strategy will be test and isolate which was earlier CM
How long does immunity work after recovering from corona virus
चिंग पूंग पिंग की हालत देख पाकिस्तान का सरपंच इमरान खान जुलाब की दवा ले रहा है.
‘डायबसिटी’एक खास मेडिकल टर्म है जो मोटापे से लिंक डायबिटीज के लिए प्रयुक्त होती है। दुर्भाग्य से भारत में युवा महिलाओं में भी इसका जोखिम बढ़ता जा रहा है।
प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी ने प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन पर दुख व्यक्त किया. 
यही कारण है कि ईरानी मिसाइले, इराक में अमेरिकी बेस को नुकसान नहीं पहुंचा पायी। यह अमेरिकी एंटी मिसाइल बैटरी है। देखने के लिए अविश्वसनीय।
Riot hat haters… and keep peace Hindu Bangalore riots Delhi riots
सुबे सिंह पोरिया’ नाम के एक फ़ेसबुक यूज़र ने इस पर टेक्स्ट के साथ तस्वीर शेयर किया“कैथरीन ब्रिज ने बच्चों को जन्म देकर विश्व रिकॉर्ड बनाया है। सभी लड़के हैं
The fight between BJP and Congress is going on in the Facebook hate speech case
This brother-in-law is feeling like aap
MP's Deepesh, who lost his leg in an accident with the help of actor, will now be able to walk again.
I want to see Rahul Gandhi ji as Prime Minister in the coming elections, and in the coming elections in my constituency…
Shri Rajiv Kumar takes charge as new Election Commissioner
Government be ashamed to stop selling Nauratna Company BPCL Government is the third largest oil refinery in the country and the second largest…
Coronavirus spread due to Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev's program in Tamil Nadu, but the government and media are behind only the Tabligi Jamaat
जम्मूकश्मीर के पुलवामा में शहीद श्री जिलाजीत यादव जी की वीरता अविस्मरणीय है। इस हेतु, जनपद की एक सड़क का नामकरण शहीद जिलाजीत यादव जी के नाम पर होगा। द्वारा शहीद श्री जिलाजीत जी के एक परिजन को सरकारी नौकरी और आर्थिक सहायता स्वरूप ₹50 लाख की धनराशि प्रदान की जाएगी।
When Guruji opposed CAA from the platform of Karnataka BJP's C.M.
Due to the lockdown, married women have become like maids.
Monika Bhardwaj is an IPS officer of the batch. He has been given the post of Deputy Commissioner of Police in Delhi Crime Branch. Monica Bhardwaj is the first woman officer to take charge.
Indira glimpses in Priyanka, but in Modi, the whole country reflects, we are with the country
Jai Singh Sinhgunda is not insulting the goons is a street mad dog who lives in the dirty drain of the street and thinks dirty. And the place of dogs like these is outside the Parliament. So i urge to throw these kind of dogs out from the parliament
After deciphering, it was understood that the ongoing security like Kangana Kamini is given Y protection so that the mansion can be invoked with security at any time by secrecy… there is no justification for their refusal…
This little beautiful girl was seen in Mangalore with a group of Tamil beggars. Please forward it until it reaches the right parent and is identified. She knows her name and calls herself Sonal Bipin Patel. Please post this photo to all your groups. Beggars say that she was found in a train coming from Mumbai. Maybe its life gets it back.
Masks and sanitizers were distributed by the NSUI Himachal Pradesh activists to the students who came for the JEE examination to protect against the corona epidemic in Kullu and Hamirpur districts.
Suppose you remain busy for the rest of the day, but today is a Sunday, today tell yourself Jai Shri Ram
At the Kolkata Book Fair, BJPRSS goons and Kolkata Police attacked students for demonstrating against the CAA NRC. On one hand, Mamata Banerjee and her party leaders identify themselves as anti-BJP and on the other, the TMC government is continuously suppressing all activities against the Modi government.
प्रशांत भूषण पर उनके केबिन में हुए हमले का वीडियो सुप्रीम कोर्ट के वकील और एक्टिविस्ट प्रशांत भूषण पर हुए हमले
A Hindu girl from Rajasthan was raped by some Muslim boys by taking them into the house and then brutally killed the girl, and the police there is doing nothing, because where they are boys, there is a large population of Muslims. …
A video of a teacher beating up two students of a private school with baton is becoming viral on social media.
In Bihar, anti-CHAA protesters took out a sword march. Will the opposition justify it and defend it
जापान ने भारत में संकट से निपटने हेतु स्वास्थ्य क्षेत्र के लिए आधिकारिक विकास सहायता ऋण के रूप में करोड़ रुपये दिए विवरण 
Is this the hairstyle of a policeman? In this picture, this boy was in uniform during brutal lathi charge against Sabarimala devotees. Which camp does this goon belong to, CPM or SDPI
Due to unemployment, the young man hanged himself, had left the job due to the knockdown, had been looking for a new job for many months, the unemployed lost his life due to not getting a job, the case of Vikas Enclave of Kankarkheda.
Good vocal for local meant that Amchi Mumbai, Mumbai is my life, Mumbai is Hindustan, the country is full of intellectuals, today it is known that God will save you in the sinking desert
There is a plan to connect more than one crore beneficiaries with One Nation One Ration Card Scheme by March in the country.
मीडिया के एक भाग में केंद्रीय मंत्री अरुण जेटली के स्वस्थ्य को लेकर जो रिपोर्ट्स हैं वो गलत और निराधार हैं  मीडिया से निवेदन है की अफ़वाह फ़ैलाने से बचें  अरुण जेटली का निधन हो गया
The pace of progress coming from Uttar Pradesh's world-class infrastructure is determined for the development of Uttar Pradesh. Many districts will benefit from the under construction Purvanchal Expressway in the state and employment opportunities will also be created.
Arrest Kashyap. Till yesterday, a terrorist like Omar Khalid was left ... Today Sala himself turned out to be a rapist
The Supreme Court refused to grant bail to former Congress leader Sajjan Kumar in a case of anti-Sikh riots, according to the court, according to Sajjan Kumar's medical report, he is not required to be hospitalized at this time.
These photos are from NEET and JEE examination centers. When this is the condition of the examination centers, then how will the examination be conducted, due to heavy rain, waterlogging occurred in the streets and houses
This is the sacrifice of those kar sevaks whom Lalu Yadav had ignited by his values ​​and then lied.
चीन से जो पैसा कर्ज ली है उससे तो लगता है दरभंगा वाली ऐम्स बन जाएगी देश के कौन सा हिस्सा बेचे हो चीन के हाथ
Imam Hussain Alaihissalam was martyred in Karbala because of the silence of the Ummat. Again Ummat is silent and Muslims are being oppressed all over the world.
These Gujaratis cannot be trusted. Said to take POK and entered China. Actually the weak enemy does not like the people. Only then why should these people not give Pappu a price.
Drainage power: Dainik Jagran campaign begins nationwide on investigation of drainage system of cities
Sales of dual selfie camera start in India, learn features
Mass drop in vaccination of children due to corona crisis
कबड्डी खिलाड़ी की बटाला में हत्या, पुलिसकर्मी सहित एक व्यक्ति गिरफ्तार 
In view of the immense potential of the dairy sector, the Chief Minister has directed ACS, Home and Information, Mr. G.
Economy difficult to recover, growth rate will be below 21 percent
Now Chinese tugboats will not run on Indian ports, only they will be able to operate in India via
It is a matter of curse on a person who does not have a heart to see the killing of sadhus and does not forget his name.
केंद्र ने सुप्रीम कोर्ट से कहा, बैंक लोन में छूट दो साल तक के लिए बढ़ सकती है आज की बड़ी ख़बरें
The judgment of Justice HR Khanna changed the direction of the Kesavanand Bharti case. Read my entire news about what happened Justice HR Khanna's decision had changed the approach of Kesavanand Bharti case Via Dainik Jagran App. Click to download
Eco Park being built in Rohtas Indrapuri at a cost of around Rs 2.5 crore, work will be completed soon
On sending the medicine, US students have made this video in honor of India.
Fire will come home in many JD, here only our house is a little, after Delhi, Bangalore, America Sweden, see what burns, Hindu is the only one on target Jai Jai Shri Ram
Home Ministry provided security to Y Plus category to Kangana
पितृ पक्ष में क्या करें और क्या न करें 
Congress does not mean Sonia and Rahul Gandhi, but thousands of Congress leaders and activists spread across the country
महाराष्ट्र विधानसभा का दो दिवसीय मॉनसून सत्र आज से मुंबई में शुरू हुआ। इस दौरान ोविड19 से संबंधित दिशानिर्देशों का कड़ाई से पालन किया गया।
वाइस एडमिरल एसआर सरमा,एवीएसएम,वीएसएम ने सामग्री,भारतीय नौसेना के प्रमुख के रूप में कार्यभार संभाला
The grandmother was reminded of the sight of Rajnath Singh wearing a shoe while removing the shoe, the grandmother used to tell the true story of the British after independence, the backward land was forcibly beaten and got her daughter daughter-in-law of the backward caste Grinded flour from hand grinder
सचिन पायलट की पत्नी सारा पायलट ने राजस्थान के मुख्यमंत्री अशोक गेहलोत के ख़िलाफ़ किए ट्वीट्स
भारत में पिछले घंटे में लोग ठीक हुए। इसकेसाथ ही अब तक लोग संक्रमणमुक्त हो चुके हैं। देश का रिकवरी रेट प्रतिशत हो गया हैः स्वास्थ्य मंत्रालय
The soybean crop of the farmers has deteriorated due to extreme rain and yellow diseases. Like the Delhi government, the Madhya Pradesh government also asked the Chief Minister to demand compensation of Rs. Per hectare. Memorandum submitted by Collector Bhopal.
India set another historic record for the most number of tests in a single day. Over the last lakh hours of Kovid testing done in the last hour, all the states / union territories are doing more than one million per day, as the World Health Organization suggests.
The landlady of the office has been given a statement, how the police works, the whole country knows why the police had gone to the house yesterday, why the office was asked why there was a police gathering outside the office since morning. So what happened today
Car collided with pavement in Mumbai, people died in horrific accident .. injured
Now home delivery of government ration will be done in Delhi.
All the women are being given hands-on freedom by Congress workers.
Army vigil amid tension on border, brigade commander level talks between India China again today
रानी लक्ष्मीबाई केन्द्रीय कृषि विश्वविद्यालय के छात्रों के साथ पीएम मोदी का संवाद के दौरान जंगलों को बचाने के विषय पर चर्चा।
For example, cloves Bhuiyan ripped mountains to bring rain water to the village, a kilometer long canal built in a year
I am proud that Prashant Bhushan did not apologize in the Supreme Court. The judge is not God. Telling the truth is not contempt, which the Supreme Court did. We promised to stand together. It was not just words. The Confederation also proved this by performing in favor of Prashant Bhushan in SC.
युवती से बातचीत करना चौकी इंचार्ज को पड़ा भारी, ऊगू चौकी इंचार्ज जागेंद्र सिंह लाइन हाजिर, युवती से बातचीत का ऑडियो वायरल हुआ, वायरल ऑडियो के मामले में लाइन हाजिर, फतेहपुर चौरासी के ऊगू क्षेत्र का मामला।
Poco M2 Pro's flash sale ends, phone available in open cell
People over the age, people suffering from more than one disease, pregnant women and children below the age, except in situations in which health needs are required to be removed, ACS, Home and Information, will remain inside the houses Mr.
Panipat asked laborers for ten lakh extortion, police sent gunman
अनलॉक4 के गाइडलाइंस के तहत आज नोएडा के एक्वा लाइन पर मेट्रो सेवा बहाल कर दी गई।
हर बार भक्त लोग पप्पू का यही हाल करते हे ...
Did railways have to run for a girl Rajdhani Express story from Ravi Prakash, Ranchi, voice role opinion for BBC Hindi
Stay away from such hypocrisy who is the devil of the executioner, the administration should punish such people with the harshest punishment and put them on the gallows in the middle square Jai Hind Jai Shri Ram Jai Hindu Rashtra All India Hindu Mahasabha Chhattisgarh Pradesh Youth General Secretary Milan Sahu Deepak Sahu
If this is the situation in India today, we will definitely be seen in UP and Delhi tomorrow, but in Delhi, people have settled from corners of the country, from where they will show their papers
Police raided the forest with drone cameras, police raided the liquor base in the forest, liters of raw liquor were recovered, thousand liters of blood were destroyed, the separi market police, the excise team raided.
More than a million people took Kovid 19 Special Insurance Suraksha Kavach Irda Head via
Rupee. K Redmi A has inch display and mAh battery, but is it really value for money? Read this phone First Opinion
देश में ऑनलाइन गेमिंग का क्रेज ऑनलाइन गेमिंग का रेवेन्यू  की रफ्तार से बढ़ रहा में इंडस्ट्री की वैल्यू करोड़ थी, तक हजार करोड़ रु. हो जाएगी
When you start thinking that man cannot be so disgusting, then something like this happens. A woman, who was said to be two months pregnant, was admitted to the hospital. He was raped in the Corona Isolation Ward of Magadh Medical College, Gaya, Bihar.
आप अपनी मंजिल पर कभी नही पहुँच पाएंगे अग़र आप रास्ते मे भोकने वाले हर कुत्ते को पत्थर मरेंगे Good Morning Friends
The car of development was already overturned… it had to disappear
Moto G9 Plus specifications leaked online, price also revealed
समाजवादी पार्टी के सांसद आज़म खान ने बड़ी बात कही, उन्होंने कहा की वह जलसमाधी ले लेंगे यदि उन्हें राममंदिर के भूमि पूजन में नहीं बुलाया गया  रामपुर लोकसभा सीट से सांसद आजम खान ने कहा है कि वह भगवान राम के भक्त हैं। उन्होंने मंदिर निर्माण आंदोलन में भी महत्वपूर्ण भूमिका निभाई है। अगर उन्हें भूमि पूजन समारोह के लिए आमंत्रित नहीं किया जाता है, तो वह उसी दिन सरयू नदी में जलसमाधि ले लेंगे। आज़म खान ने कहा भगवान राम और लक्ष्मण ने भी सरयू नदी में जलसमाधि ली थी। और अगर नहीं बुलाया गया तो मैं इस नदी में जल समाधि भी ले लूँगा।
The nose is getting flattened by putting on a mask, the ears are coming out and the next generation should not bear the brunt of it ..
अमरीकी विदेश उप मंत्री स्टीफन बेगुन ने कहा कि उनका देश भारत को ऐसी विश्व शक्ति बनाने में सहायता देने को तत्पर है जो विश्व की संपूर्ण सुरक्षा में सहयोगी होगा।
The entire team of Republic India in Mumbai, the biggest fight for justice from ground zero YouTube live TV
Dr. Kafeel, who was released from Mathura jail at night, was in jail for seven and a half months.
It repeatedly references his ways of using his family to connect with the public. As Kumar speaks, the video shows a footage on the right in which Kejriwal can be seen taking blessings from his mother.
So far, Dr. Devendra Sharma, who killed a kidney by killing people, has been arrested by Corona Virus as a business for Doctors Hospitals. Do not know how many Drs are among you, so that Hanlago will have to be alert and take care of his people.
 बिहार चुनाव के लिए RJD का हेडक्वार्टर बना का केली बंगला, के पास जमा हो रहा बायोडाटा
This MC used to blacken the tickets of the cinema in Sultanpur. Sala Jebkatara hai, are you from the same fraternity?
Shoot to kll is the only option left now. Our temple Parliament has understood the den of randi baazi, where dare the little bitch serve the wine, how dare you make such a lullaby? Let the years go by.
The Government of Madhya Pradesh was busy in the business of procurement.
चीन में km अंदर घुस चुकी हैं भारत की सेना, में हारे रेकीन माउंटेन पास और हुनान कोस्ट साल बाद वापस भारत के कब्जे में 
Conference on National Education Policy, PM Modi said that instead of studying in the new education policy, the focus is on learning, we emphasized on Passion, Practical and Performance
There is a positive news for Chennai Superkings after big day. There was a Kovid test by the players and support staff, in which everyone's report has been negative.
The Chief Minister organized a meeting of the industry brothers and also gave instructions to diagnose the problems of the entrepreneurs, ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Passengers in the plane that crashed at the Kerala airport were found to be Corona positive.
Congress workers rushed to Kota Kovid Hospital to secretly lead among the Morona infected. …
PM to visit Tamil Nadu, will start election campaign in South today
Terrorists are no longer successful in the army in Kashmir
America's big appeal against China's expansionary policy
Not only is a woman shown with Mahatma Gandhi, both of them are lovingly sticking each other's nose
After returning from Turkey, this Aamir Khan should be quarantined the day after that N.I.A. Inquire. Pick up friends ..
Today, even before the honorable Prime Minister's self-reliant program starts at noon, the unemployed youth of our country are engaged in identifying the program as unpleasant and some of its spoon will also declare it as foreigner ...
दिल्ली के निजामुद्दीन मरकज में तबलीगी जमात के कार्यक्रम में शामिल विदेशी जमातियों की उनके देश में वापसी को लेकर सस्पेंस बरकरार है.
महिला ने नाबालिग बच्चे से कराई चोरी, मोबाइल देने का लालच देकर चोरी कराई, बच्चे से उसके घर से लाखो के जेवर मंगाए, सर्राफा व्यवसाई के बेटे से कराई चोरी, पीड़ित सर्राफा कारोबारी ने थाने में दी तहरीर, जगदीशपुर के रानीगंज का मामला।
Chief Economic Adviser speaks to NDTV on the steep decline in GDP, the worst has passed
Rajkummar Rao used to pay fees for the first film, once the teacher used to pay
The children of Tahir Hussain met me today and wept, saying to me, what is our sin, because of fear we are not able to live in our own house, because of having an account seas, we are not able to pay the fees of the school. I request that protection be given to Tahir Hussain's family.
CBI quizzes Riya Chakraborty from DRDO
बैन करके सरकार ने अपने ही पैरों पर कुल्हाड़ी मार ली है। अब युवा को जल्द ही उसके बेरोज़गार होने का अहसास होगा।
यह कराची, कश्मीर या केरल नहीं है। इस्लाम जिंदाबाद का यह गाना और ये भीड़ पश्चिम बंगाल की राजधानी कोलकाता की है।।  हाथ जोड़कर निवेदन है अपने हिन्दू भाईयो से जाग जाओ,एक हो जाओ,नहीं भविष्य भयावह होगा।जनसंख्या नियंत्रण कानून
ने पूरा किया अपना सपना, खरीदी यह शानदार लग्जरी कार
After allegations of corruption, Imran Khan's minister said that Bajwa will clarify
This Zoya Kamini role must have been natural for you, but when will you speak madly
Lane access control highway is being built till Akshardham Saharanpur, going from Delhi to UP will be easier
 जेईई मेन परीक्षा आज से, इन निर्देशों और स्टैंडर्ड ऑपरेटिंग प्रोसीजर्स का रखें ध्यान
You will speak empty or do something by landing on the ground until you do nothing on the ground, there is no benefit from speaking. You people try to get on the ground, the situation of India is very worrisome. Is killed like
ये सभी गद्दार पाकिस्तानी , दहशतवादी और बांगलादेश के रिफ्युजी है, जो भारत में आकर हजारों की संख्या में ये रुप धारण किये हैं।
Unlock4 DDMA meeting today, Unlock4's guideline and metro operations will be the main agenda in Delhi
   सुरक्षा मिलनी चाहिए संजीव भट्ट जैसे ऑफिसर को, जिनको जेल में डाल दिया गया है। अफ़सोस की सुरक्षा ना चने और कॉमेडी करने वालों…
Mian Azam Khan said that Godse is not born in madrasas, and we also did not know where in madrasas, Godse does not produce rapists, this is a small source of low rapists. Sexual abuse in madrasa, cleric arrested, girl students freed
Teacher of Meerut will get state award on teachers day, changed condition and direction of primary school
संविधान के अस्थायी अनुच्छेद के आधार पर जम्मूकश्मीर का पृथक कानून बना है, वह एकीकरण के रास्ते में बाधा है। इसने जम्मूकश्मीर और शेष भारत के लोगों के बीच एक मनोवैज्ञानिक रुकावट पैदा कर रखी है।  जनवरी , भारतीय जन संघ केन्द्रीय कार्य कार्यसमिति
Omar Khalid's brother is Anurag Kashyap. When Omar Khalid goes to jail, the mongrel Anurag Kashyap was very angry .. Now that same bastard has an actress accused of rape, now he will also go to jail with his brother Khalid .. These leftist goons, Rioters, rapists, terrorists, traitors are all brothers ..
Listen, there is a big difference between the voice of the people ... the voice of the public and the purchased voice ... There is no fool like you, preparing for SSC and Railway exams, that you will write wrong spellings of railways in the trend ... Do not be dragged into stupidity and candidates should also stay away from samples like these ..
. यदि आप बीमार हैं तो और अपने कीटाणुओं को चारों ओर फैलाना नहीं चाहते हैं तो रंगीन साइड को बाहर करके पहने, . जब आप बीमार नहीं हैं और आप कीटाणुओं को अंदर आने से रोकना चाहते हैं, तो सफेद साइड यह फिल्टर पार्ट है को बाहर करके पहने।
इंटरनेशनल T20 मुकाबलों में वॉर्नर आठ साल में पहली बार ज़ीरो पर आउट हुए. इस दौरान उन्होंने पारियां खेली और हमेशा खाता खोला. इंग्लैंड के खिलाफ जीरो पर आउट होने से पहले वे आखिरी बार मार्च में जीरो पर आउट हुए थे.
Abe Kameen calls this kind of work in the Rajya Sabha. We are not going to forget this, we will remember it.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee forbade her minister and MLA to speak Vande Mataram in meeting It is worth to see that the gritty of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and she had to be locked up in her room after saving her life.
From September, the metro rail will be run in a phased manner. From September, all the social, academic, sports, entertainment, cultural, religious, political programs and other group activities will be allowed to start the maximum number of individuals ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
चीनी विदेश मंत्रालय का दावा  चीन ने कभी भी LAC को नहीं किया क्रॉस 
Will you remain Aim, are we not against Bheem Jai Bheem, you should say Jai Bheem, but you will always speak twenty four hours Jai Bheem and inside you who will be allied with BJP, you will do two types of politics. Kiss when the bill passes inside
If there was no grain in the plate, then China started showing bombardment, know why the people were eating food
Those who are campaigning without newspapers, if they are government, then there is nothing to fear and will call others and tell them.
Loni, Ashok Vihar, just a few days after the Delhi riots are being given openly in Delhi in the past. Threats of killing your minister are sitting in UP looking at Delhi, Delhi is now on the path of Bengal. Kejri government has raised its condition
Modi is now drunk on TV under your rule
She is buddhi kamini dude ..
 इस्तीफा कंफर्म करवा कर मुंबई लौटे बागी विधायक, विधानसभा में मौजूद रहने के लिए कांग्रेस ने जारी किया व्हिप पढ़ें खबर
मुठभेड़ के बाद बब्बर खालसा इंटरनेशनल के दो आतंकी गिरफ्तार
Prime Minister Narendra Modi praised the new education policy and said that it will be a better alternative to all the old education policies. The PM said that the new education policy will prepare the Indian youth to face new challenges and will also create new opportunities for employment and jobs.
Manuwadi is showing his strength by stopping the voice
His tongue is also infamous in the name of Inchi. Never listen to the speech of education minister Pokhriyal ji, if you can listen completely without skipping, then I will assume you are a real warrior. Namo Namo
विकास गायब नहीं है तेजी से भागने का प्रयास किया विकास का एनकाउन्टर हो गया हैिकासगायबहै
Bollywood dolls gone to jail .. Who will get the rest now
गलवान घाटी में जवानों को संबोधित करती इंदिरा गांधी का यह फ़ोटो दर्शाता है कि शेरनी तो देश मे एक ही थी। अब तो सरकार चूहों के हाथ मे है जिनके राज में चीन हमारी सीमा में घुस कर जवानों को मार देता है और प्रधानमंत्री कहते हैं कि कोई सीमा में घुसा ही नही। जवान तो अपने आप ही मर गए
Talked to traders of Delhi today through digital dialogue. Discussed their suggestions and solutions to increase business in Delhi. After the corona lockdown, we now have to bring Delhi's economy back on track.
कोरोना वायरस एक महामारी है जो मांसाहार खाने से हुई है, तो स्कूल कालेज मोल ही बंद क्यों तमाम मीट मांस की दुकाने बंद होनी चाहिए  सचिन तेंदुलकर।
Hey bastard, you have gone mad, your dreams are coming to scare you, Kangana ji
पाकिस्तान के सबसे बड़े शहर में बाढ़ से मुश्किलकराची में चार दिनों से बिजली गायब इमरान सरकार के नेता बोले वाटर टैंकों में सीवेज का पानी भर रहा, कोई सुनवाई नहीं हो रही
एक और मोहतरमा लव जिहाद में गई। और इनको मारा पीटा गया पेसाब पिलाई गई। ये सेक्युलर थी और बोलती थी ये बहुत अछे होते है tik tok पर सभी मुस्लिमों को करती थी fallow वही से इन्हें फँसाया गया। लड़कों ने.
The Chief Minister has instructed all the District Magistrates and Chief Medical Officers to hold regular meetings in the Kovid Hospital in the morning and in the Integrated Command and Control Center in the evening ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
The disinfection tunnel is being used to treat the disease, the central government told the Supreme Court that it is harmful.
Tell us the truth, we will let go and hand over the police, tell the plan, what was the plan, we know that there was a plan to spread the coronavirus of the people gathered in Nizamuddin's Mark, this is your plan too, these young men would have been Haryanvi Malum Huh
Read the names of the top scientists in the AYUSH Ministry on Research and Approval of the Scientific Panel on Medicines • Aseem Khan • Munawar Kazmi • Khadirun Nisha • Maqbool Ahmed Khan • Asiya Khanum • Shagufta Parveen Rest understand why Ramdev's coronil drug was banned. , This is the system Jihad. But how did these illiterate species get appointed there? Who knows who appointed these people? The Congress recruited everyone from the Department of AYUSH between 2014 and now wait, do they have anything to do with retiring from Ayurveda? There is Urdu Compulsory for admission in Yunani, they will do their work at first, did not know before whether Mujahid Hussain, Director of AYUSH. No jihadi mentality person should be given any constitutional post, they are unable to work according to the dignity of the post, cannot judge the dignity and dignity of the post.
Keep Dalit mustache, some dogs are jealous and they kill the Dalit, this is our little brother, it is very mustache to tell that you did not make your dog as soon as you put your hand on it, then say years like rap Run is left, do not forget to hide the constitution
There will be a bunch of thousands of lovers in your id, in my id, the saffron-striped lions roar, we have intoxication of saffron color. Jai Jai Shri Ram
He too had a distress, the decaying of GDP. Their intention to settle the economy was amazing.
दिल्ली का एक नमूना उत्तर प्रदेश आता है और कहता है कि यहां कोविड से लड़ने की कोई रणनीति नहीं है। यह वह लोग हैं जिन्होंने उत्तर प्रदेश और बिहार के नागरिकों के साथ दुर्व्यवहार किया। बेशर्मी का लबादा ओढ़े हुए यह लोग उत्तर प्रदेश में आकर ऊलजुलूल बातें करते हैं। शर्मनाक 
आज केरल के मुख्यमंत्री ने कोच्चि मेट्रो के पहले चरण का उद्घाटन किया। वीडियो कॉन्फ्रेंसिंग के जरिए केंद्रीय मंत्री हरदीप सिंह पुरी भी जुड़े।
Dream IPL schedule will be the first match between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings, know full schedule
Sri Ram Sanatani siblings watch nirma and luks soap add-on
रिया चक्रवर्ती ने मुंबई पुलिस से सुशांत की बहन प्रियंका सिंह और डॉ. तरुण कुमार RML अस्पताल दिल्ली के खिलाफ शिकायत दर्ज करने की मांग की है। उनका कहना है कि प्रियंका ने डॉ. तरुण की सुझाई दवाओं को देने को कहा था।
Sushant Singh Rajput case is gaining momentum in CBI investigation, Sushant's friends, cook and many other witnesses are also being questioned. Meanwhile, Sushant's neighbor has made a big claim.
Got the answer… Who was in the cook …… Who took out all the chickpeas and offered it on an empty cooker stove ..
My father says that if a lion goes into a goat, then its quality behaves like a goat, and as soon as the government changes in Maharashtra, what else does it show.
शुभकामनाएं भाजपा में शामिल सचिन पायलट भाजपा में शामिल 
चीनी कम हैं...क्योंकि भारत के स्पेशल फ्रंटियर फोर्स में दम है, जानिए SSF से जुड़ी खास बातें 
Both of those marshals should have been awarded the prize which lifted the rhinoceros. Fuckin will be a monster of at least kilo
After giving the exam in Jabalpur, the student said. Satisfactory arrangements at the center on the problem of visiting.
विकीलीक्स ने खुलासा किया है कि राउल विंची शादीशुदा है । इसके बच्चे हैं जो लन्दन में रहते है । इसकी बीबी कोलंबियन है । पहली संतान वर्ष का लड़का नियाक है और दूसरी सन्तान माइनक साल की लड़की है । अविवाहित कहकर राहुल गांधी देश को गुमराह कर रहा है 
New investment proposals worth Rs. Crore approved soon, people will get employment proposals recommended by the empowered committee headed by Chief Secretary
Sushant case Riya Chakraborty questioned by CBI for nine hours on fourth day, called again on Tuesday
You have heard that you do not feel pain, you should take the city of Palestine and the city of Kashmir, Allah will protect the Muslims of Kashmir and Palestine.
Vodafone Idea ने लॉन्च किया रुपये का नया प्रीपेड प्लान
इरफान खान और ऋषि कपूर के निधन के बाद जब नसीरुद्दीन शाह की तबीयत बिगड़ने की खबरें आईं तो लोग चिंता में पड़ गए थे.
As soon as the sister of blind devotees opened, the first trend of the BJP leader came thanks to the opening of contracts by Modi ji.
I got Y Security, taken away by this government. Because, I bring reservation. Kangana Ranaut opposed the reservation and hence gave protection.
Commit all sins But, no one would say when you die that brother-in-law died in the case of laundia…
Smriti Irani accuses Rahul Gandhi of calling for rape
कश्मीर में कहां है शान्ती  दलाल मीडिया दिखाता क्यो नही
Once the brothers show free roam on the road, do not make the face red by hitting the shoe and tell the public
   अंधभक्त और करोना के मरीज से बहस ना करे... क्योंकि हमें बीमारी से लडना है बीमार से नहीं 
Hundreds of people looted on the pretext of jobs in Noida MNC, three thugs arrested
JEE exams have been canceled at some centers in Lucknow.
It is very right that they should demand from China that our Muslim siblings are not allowed to offer prayers in China, and all Arab countries jointly attack China and liberate the Muslim brothers, there Owaisi heirs like Zafar, Shoaib of Pakistan explodes something Do not speak traitors from India
Ankita Konwar, wife of Milind Soman, celebrates birthday by running km
Cemetery also came in Bihar election
अबे सालो अपने कोई दलाल कभी कुछ बड़वा कहते रहोगे तो फिर साला जीत पाओगे तुम लोग जो है हैं अपनी इंसान को कभी गलत गलत कहते रहते हैं शर्म कर लो शर्म थोड़ी सी अपने समाज को इसलिए वक्त देता हूं समझ गए
कहासुनी एक तरफ़ आपदा में अवसर तलाशने और आत्मनिर्भर होने की कोशिशें. दूसरी तरफ़ GDP में गिरावट, चीन से तनाव और कोरोना के रिकॉर्डतोड़ मामले. कैसे निपट पाएगी मोदी सरकार
Ashutosh writes that on Twitter, you people show fake condolences after every insult to me.
Today the devotees asked for work. What could I help in the time of unemployment? Then I thought that Modi ji has given the task of looting the Ram temple car service, Dalit-Muslim protest & social media. One said that joking I said, I said the truth.
Several important reforms have been made in the new National Education Policy regarding education related to agriculture and its practical application.
ओ भैया बिना सर पूछ के बात मत लिया करो।आजू बाजू चुल्लू भर पानी है तो डूब मारो। जब कोई बिल आता है साला काला ही होता है तुम्हारे हिसाब से । और हा तुम्हारे दल्ले लोगो को पैसा मिलना बन्द हो जाएगा तभी भड़के हुवे है।
An Indian student from Pondicherry University discovered home remedies for Kovid 19. Which WHO has approved in the first place.
Please file a complaint in the cyber cell of your district
Video and photos of Kangana are coming one after another, so many remains will not be found in the excavation of Mohenjodaro.
राफ़ेल ख़रीदा तो गाजे बाजे के साथ स्वागत हुआ ।तमाम सरकारी सम्पत्ति बिक रही हैं तो उसका क्या जाना चाहिए
ब्राह्मणों इतना घिनौना , निचकट, कमीना, सूअर की औलाद और जातिवादी इस देश में न और कोई हुआ है और न आगे कोई होगा।
Application to handle stray dogs on IIT campus. Applicant must have B.Tech. Salary
This is a small pawn for trafficking of human organs, how many people have engaged in this abominable act. My appeal is that the government should take strong measures to catch people who kidnap young children and smuggle their organs or beg them.
News is presented from All India Radio
अब गुजरात की एक ्जिद में हथियारों का जखीरा मिला….इन ांतिदूतों द्वारा कुछ तो ाजिशरची जा रही है , भारत की सुरक्षा एजेंसियों को सतर्क रहना होगा प्रत्येक ्जिदमदरसों की गहन जांच की जरूरत है 
There may be rain in the capital today, know how the weather will be in Delhi NCR today
See 'Panga' from Uddhav on Kangana.
Dock media blaming Tabligi Jamaat for increasing Corona case, will BJP now call Bharatiya Jamaat Party
On the decline in GDP and increase in corona cases, Anurag Kashyap told the story ...
The Covered Center was sitting overnight in the room with Jacques Marriage, but no staff came.
्रेसविज्ञप्ति सच कहना कंटेम्प्ट आफ कोर्ट नही है 
To silence the voice of the media means to suppress the voice of the public. This happens only when a particular person or government starts feeling threatened by the media. Listen to press strangers, he is trying to strangle crores of people, actor Shekhar Suman
Abe Bhadve broker Arvind Kejriwal explaining his pet dogs
Indian Army is oppressing Muslim women in Kashmir. Kashmir Muslims are helpless in today's world, liberate Kashmir, save Kashmir.
Preliminary investigation into the incident shows that there was a thunderclap on the July date of this month, during which the idol was damaged due to lightning.
तेलंगाना के नए सचिवालय में दिखेगी गंगा जमुनी तहजीब, एक साथ होंगे मंदिर, मस्जिद और चर्च 
The shameless director of the film whose heroine keeps herself on a bed bicycle and goes to the sugarcane field to celebrate the rants, the director would consider every woman a bitch in real life, and she herself is a dog. Intellectual dog
Under the Pradhan Mantri Dhan Laxmi Yojana, women will be given loans up to lakhs of rupees without interest.
बिहार चुनाव जीतन राम मांझी को नीतीश कुमार इस गेम प्लान की वजह से अपने साथ लाए
कंगना के बारे में देखें क्या बोले संजय राउत
This photo is being told from Gujarat. Forget them and be stuck in a hoard. This is called politics. Turn away from the real issue and get entangled in religion and casteism. Hi, our Indians.
BJP विधायक अनिल उपाध्याय ने पुलिस वाले को पीट रहे हैं... मोदी जी कहते है देश को झुकने नहीं दूँगा... बार्डर पर अतंकी जवानों को एकएक कर मार रहे हैं और देश के अंदर भाजपा के नुमाइंदे पुलिस वालों और आम जनता को मार रहे...वाह रे अच्छे दिन
हम कहते थे ना.... पुलिस के जवान भी संविधान बचाने के लिए हमारे साथ हैं , सिवाए RSS आतंकियों के
Yes, the whole world is now uniting against Jahid, Jihadi Islam and is getting ready to teach a lesson. Lama Muktabha…
If you want to know yourself, then people will have to leave the attachment of image. Must stop looking at others. One can never understand oneself through the spectacles of another. The mind should be illuminated with its light. Life communication
Today is the anniversary of the bombings in the Delhi High Court. The financial condition of the families of those killed was still poor. Independent reporter report other video
No Petrol Diesel Price
CAAके समय भी स्पेशल रैली करके लोगो को सम्बोधित करके पीएम ने स्पष्ट किया था। अभी भी वर्चुअल रैली के जरिए समझाया गया है, कल मंत्रियों की प्रेस कांफ्रेंस भी हुई उसमें भी समझाया गया पर साले चमचों की अम्मा सिर्फ एक बात पर जोर देती है सड़क पर निकलो।
The dog does not digest ghee and you respect this nachaniya, where it was supposed to reach in politics, but the terrorists are farmers. Understand this is the spokesperson of the government, if they continue to practice their religion in Hindutva, then father, Dad also made them fanatical
 सीमा पर भारत और चीन के सैनिकों के बीच फिर झड़प, घुसपैठ की कोशिश नाकाम
Congratulations brothers, army has caught the first terrorist Jai Hind viral video
Spoon's autobiography Noon will eat bread and will spend his life in Chamchagiri. The father will also make the tablespoon himself.
भारत की जीडीपी फ़ीसदी गिरी, लॉकडाउन का असर
यूपीः जमीनी विवाद को लेकर मारपीट में पूर्व विधायक की मौत, बेटे ने लगाया हत्या का आरोप, विपक्ष हुआ हमलावर
DRDO's Weapon missiles will liberate the enemy's sixes
I want to form a group against market women like Heer Khan, who is there who will support this Hindu sister, follow me and write in the comment, I will join everyone in the group by giving a follow back.
Will investigate the attack on the kin of
You said the truth, this brother-in-law started considering India as his father's property
In Indian culture, the relationship of the guru is wonderful, unique. Guru is the medium to reach Govind. On the solemn occasion of Teacher's Day, respectful greetings from all the respected gurus. Gurudev, with his blessings, keep all of us unconcerned, may we all live a happy life. This is the wish.
Jawaharlal Nehru with a woman in an intimate situation
This picture is of a female soldier appointed by the Indian Army in a desert of Rajasthan, why the Indian soldiers who were guarding in the hot desert of Rajasthan, stop now say Jai Hind
At the age of Bhagat Singh's younger sister Prakash Kaur was no more with us today. No leader politician has said condolences but all you devotees must pay tribute. It is my heart to bow to the brave sister of Veer Bhai
Jio ऑफर में मुकेश अंबानी दुनिया के th सबसे धनी व्यक्ति बनने की खुशी में नीता अंबानी ने हजार Jio यूजर को का महीने वाला रिचार्ज फ्री में देने का वादा किया है तो अभी नीचे नीले रंग की लिंक पर क्लिक करके अपने नंबर पर रिचार्ज करें।  कृपया ध्यान दे  ये ऑफर कभी भी ख़त्म हो सकती है।
Please Tweet your opinion on life, poison and crime with Taal Thok at 55 PM
A chaman chamcha said Ram temple has become, now on which issue will the BJP contest, I said the population control bill so that a Sutiya like you is not born.
This scene is not from Kashmir or Kerala. It is from Calcutta, the capital of Bengal, in your Dulari Mamta, where the slogans of Islam Zindabad are being raised. Wake up Hindu wake up
रिटायरमेंट के दो महीने बाद रिलायंस में शामिल हुए इंडियन ऑयल के पूर्व चेयरमैन via
कर्नाटक संकट मुंबई लौटे बागी MLA, विधानसभा सत्र शुरू होने से पहले कांग्रेस ने जारी किया व्हिप
Bihari youth of our country giving freedom to traitor Kanhaiya Kumar.
कृपया संज्ञान में लेकर आवश्यक कार्यवाही करें।
 जानिए पूरे भारत में की आज सुबह तक की स्थिति 01 सितंबर, 
If I became Gajwa e Hind in a democratic way, then neither a temple nor your home will be safe. Therefore, you have to give a part of whatever you have pledged to give for the construction of Ram temple, in the creation of Sanatan Vedic nation.
These videos have been recorded on 0720. The video belongs to Mahaveer Cancer Institute.
में भारतीय कंपनियों पर हुई धन की बारिश, अब तक आए लाख करोड़ via
चीन के निर्यात में अगस्त में हुई बढ़ोतरी, आयात में आई कमी
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत के केस में हर रोज़ एक नया खुलास होता है और एक नया बयान सामने आता है।
इस हफ़्ते के Neta Nagri में अर्थ व्यवस्था और GDP पर ख़ास फ़ोकस.. SSCRailway exams पर नज़र और भारत चीन का मसला.. देखना ज़रूर
DRDO has achieved great success in the field of defense research today, the country successfully tested the Hypersonic Technology Demonstrator Vehicle HSTDV
Saudi Aramco has announced a cut in crude oil prices for Asian countries in October.
I became a devotee on a stroll by becoming a devotee. The situation made him unemployed. Namo will vote again for Havildar…
शाहबाद मारकंडा में नकली EVM मशीने पकड़ी गई दावा है B.J.P वालों की हरकत
Guidelines issued by Union Home Ministry for the topic of today's discussion in DD News's special program Self-reliant India
Has written a letter to the Prime Minister regarding GST compensation to states.
Pakistan had given land to China decades ago, now Sudhanshu Trivedi has given conscience
There is a video of the UP police informing people about the gang of child abductors.
The Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir visited the Hazratbal Dargah in Srinagar yesterday, paid homage to the Dargah as well as prayed for peace, progress and prosperity in Jammu and Kashmir, the Lieutenant Governor appealed to the religious leaders to make people aware of
The Adityanath government of UP is strangling democracy, suppressing the voices raised against the government. Democracy does not work like this
Navalni has been given a nerve agent of military grade. A special kind of nerve agent, named Novichok. In Russian, Novichok means New Guy. New man Think, the name of a poisonous chemical torturing a new man.
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन पर पीएम मोदी ने जताया दुख
People were injured due to sudden car overturning, ITBP jawans were injured, jawans were going from Jehradun to Kanpur, accident occurred due to sleeplessness of driver, accident occurred near Gauri intersection of Mallawan.
In Gujarat, flood is the flood from Vadodara to Junagadh.
Within hours of Modi's niece's purse being lost, Delhi Police discovers that my husband's mobile money was stolen in Sadar Bazar. You will not get justice if there is theft as well as murder
Better protection than Delhi Police is written with the Durex logo in the right corner and the hashtag.
शिक्षक दिवस के अवसर पर मैं देश के सभी शिक्षकों का अभिनंदन करते हुए उन्हें अपनी शुभकामनाएँ देता हूँ।साथ ही भारत के पूर्व राष्ट्रपति डा. सर्वपल्ली राधाकृष्णन को उनकी जयंती के दिन स्मरण करते हुए नमन करता हूँ।
कहा जाता है कि एक फोटो हजारों शब्दों के बराबर होती है। यह एक लाख की कीमत की है। मुझे नहीं पता किसने इसे क्लिक किया लेकिन के हर पहलू को एक ही फ्रेम में कैप्चर करने के लिए फोटोग्राफर पुरस्कार का हकदार है। इतिहास इस तरह के चित्रों से बना है।
 DRDO गेस्ट हाउस पहुंचीं सुशांत की बहन मीतू, CBI दर्ज करेगी बयान
Congratulations to everyone for the festival of fortune.
Open with both eyes and ears, see the futile and helpless future of the government. Due to the exams, poor and village students are not able to take the exam due to flood rains.
IAS सुशील मौर्या का ोरोनावायरस से निधन, पीजीआई में युवा IAS अफसर सुशील मौर्या का निधन, अगस्त को ोरोनापॉजिटिव हुए थे, पत्नी और बेटी को भी ोरोना हुआ था, बेटी की रिपोर्ट अभी कोरोना निगेटिव है।
Another initiative of Delhi model
The stock market closed up on the first day of the week.
The ugly performance of the Gujarat model… teaching children the “benefits of dowry” .. Part of the textbook of Social Science is the BJP's view of women empowerment. We would like to remind the Dowry Prohibition Act, and IPC A that crime is cognizable, non-committal and non-bailable.
A Proof of Galvan. The Chinese soldiers who were killed in the skirmish in Galvan, for which many people in the country also stood up, the proof of where the evidence is, it is on the television screen. More soldiers from China were killed in the skirmish from India and they can be seen paying tribute on their graves.
In view of the transition of Ahmedabad Metro line services started, passengers must keep proper distance
With every challenge, I have given two hands, I have lit in the storm. Jananayak, prodigal leader, visionary, outstanding speaker, Ajatashatru, Bharat Ratna, the most revered self. Regards on the death anniversary of Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji and a tribute of gratitude ... Salutations to the soul
Amit Shah will rally in Bihar on June. This is why the government has lifted the lockdown
I am a Hindu .. But it becomes my duty to tell the people of the whole world about the atrocities on Muslim brothers in China, the fake people of India and Pakistan never raise their voice for fear of the leftists of the Egypt ... because they are taken care of Do not stop ... Stop torture on Sunday
Before voting for the Congress, Hindus should also remember the Godhra incident, in which the Muslims of Congress were burnt in the fire by spraying two bogies full of oil in the Congress government. Two of our Hindu brothers.
वीडियो दावा करता है कि चीन विनाशकारी बाढ़ के चपेट में है
हिमाचल सरकार ने बढ़ाई कंगना रनौत की सुरक्षा, मुंबई में भी सुरक्षा देने पर विचार
This benefit is as dim for the farmer as it was demonetisation, as it was the day to end the corona, its focus is on agriculture, on the farmer's land, there is dirty blood of the British on the crop of the farmer, Indian blood is not inside it Adani has pet dogs
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the conference on National Education Policy today.
देखना साहब एक दिन मोर को भी बेच देंगे और कहेगे सही से उड़ नहीं रहा था..
भाईया भारतीय मुस्लिम भाईयों आप सभी देश के वामपंथी कांग्रेस के नेताओं पर दबाव डाले आगर चीन में चाइनीज मुस्लिमों पर अत्याचार नहीं रुका तो आप का चुनाव में नोटा को अपनायेंगे. विशेष कर कामरेड सिताराम येचुरी ब्रिंदा करात और राहुल गांधी से दरबार करे...
“पप्जी गेम में पागल हो गया कृपया अपने बच्चो को मोबाईल पर ऐसे गेम नही खेलने दे ।
जानिए, नए टैक्स सिस्टम के तहत एनपीएस में निवेश कर के टैक्स बचाने के टिप्स  via
चीफ जस्टिस की कोशिश लाई रंग, वर्ष बाद परिजनों से मिलेंगी पार्वती, जानें क्या है पूरी कहानी
शिक्षक दिवस के उपलक्ष्य में भिवानी में शिक्षकों को सम्मानित किया देखिये प्रदेश से जुडी ख़बरों का लेखाजोखा, रोज़ाना शाम 30 बजे सिर्फ दूरदर्शन हिसार पर
Shruti Modi's revelations in front of CBI in Sushant case saw Sushant's finances, he used to give medicines
France magazine Charlie Hebdo now announced the re-print of the cartoons ... During a debate on TV channels in Sweden and Norway yesterday, many participants tore the Kudan and one chewed the pages of the Quran and ate it ... Very soon the western countries who were paying knowledge on Kashmir to India…
तीन महीने पहले नरेंद्र मोदी ने जिस पुल का उद्घाटन किया था वो गिर गया
Hear that Karan Johar is gay… Gay means a naturally defaced piece. Now Madar Chod will make the same film as God has made him…. Don't waste his time in Gadaria.
India has appealed to permanently remove the issue of Jammu and Kashmir from the agenda of the Security Council under the 'India-Pakistan Question'
Understand the difference between privatization and government. Sarkarladka was a bachelor, he used to listen to the housemates, privatization has become a marriage, now only Bibi listens…
Talking about the Pakistani bowlers, Shaheen Shah Afridi looted almost runs per over and Mohammad Aamir's runs in two overs. In such a situation, young Nasim Shah can be expected to get a chance in the third match.
Earlier, no day had to be celebrated for blue sky, pollution increased due to increase in industry, population, vehicles, garbage, Prakash Javadekar
We used to say no… Police personnel are also with us to save the Constitution, except the RSS terrorists.
Six parties once again reaffirmed their commitment to the August announcement.
Drinking basil will prevent coronavirus, WHO has released information
She says, she says anything, but Sunneka is new.
कुछ मिलतीजुलती राजनीति करते हो तुम तुम्हारा कुछ नहीं हो सकता वह कहते हैं ना क्या कहते हैं वही कहते हैं कि अब निकल लो टाइम पूरा हो गया रसौली में कौन था लाल टोपी वाला था अगर वह अपने सिर पर कुकर रखे खड़ा था उसको पता ही नहीं था कि गैस लाल होती है तो खाना बनता है Translate Tweet
Muzaffarpur trainee woman SI alleges harassment in the outpost premises, investigation begins
China's trickery is no longer working, India fails on many front
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stated the need for coordinated efforts for the participation of all to create awareness related to ending malnutrition from the country. The Prime Minister said that this will give strength to women power and youth power.
बीजेपी सांसद रीता बहुगुणा जोशी कोरोना पॉजिटिव, अस्पताल में कराया गया भर्ती
Prior to the famous film villains like Pran, Ajit, Kader Khan, Amrish Puri, Prem Chopra, Amjad Khan and Ranjith, the world of KN used to coin the film world and their time too.
मैं तो पूरी गारंटी के साथ कह सकता हूं कि विकास दुबे अभी जिंदा है, जिसका इनकाऊंटर हुआ, वो एक निर्दोष व विकास दुबे का हमशक्ल था...क्योंकि जब वो उज्जैन में पकड़ाया, तो भी वो एक पागलों जैसी हरकत किया और बोला  मैं विकास दुबे हूं कानपुर वाला जबकि कोई भी कुख्यात अपराधी ऐसी हरकत नहीं करता। और जिसका इनकाऊंटर हुआ है, उसका एज भी असली वाले अपराधी से कम है... भाजपा सरकार जनता को चूतिया बनाना छोड़ दो और ठीक से कार्यवाही करो...
पुलिस ने विरोध कर रहे छात्रों पर टिअर गैस छोड़ी… ्मीरन्यूज़ ्रीडम ्यूज़कश्मीर
Why didn't Prime Minister Galvan surrender to China?
Congress workers report demonstrations demanding postponement of Patna JEE and NEET exams
दुश्मन बर्बाद करना चाहते थे भारत की अर्थव्यवस्था। लेकिन हमने ख़ुद ही कर दी, दुश्मन मलते रह गए हाथ।
We will be one .... they will be jealous, we are Hindus
रिया के समर्थन में आईं तापसी सफल व्यक्ति के साथ रिश्ता रखने वाली हर महिला पैसे के पीछे नहीं होती
Regarding Corona virus, press conference of Additional Chief Secretary, Home and Information Shri Ji and Additional Chief Secretary, Health Shri Amit Mohan Prasad Ji…
Riya's lies expose Shruti Modi's lawyer's big statement was Riya Chakraborty
Sanghi's unsuccessful attempt to discredit Muslims by wearing a burqa. He is currently out on the vine. He is a government employee and is currently undergoing treatment for a mental illness. We have checked all his claims.
IPL teams start practice, Rohit Sharma and Rishabh Pant seen in form
BJP's Rajya Sabha member Harnath Singh Yadav has also demanded removal of Islamic studies from the UPSC syllabus.
Doctor Kafeel Khan's wife said don't misuse NSA
Stop calling Bollywood's junkie addicts as heroes. The real heroes are the soldiers of the country's army.
Hearing getting ₹ 700, some women from Shaheen Bagh are leaving for Begusarai. It is getting only ₹ 500 here. Get together and fix a rate, otherwise, think a little about how much women will move around with small children.
Full lockdown can be implemented again from June.
MAh battery, dual cameras and big screen smartphone launched at less than Rs.
दुनिया की बड़ी अर्थव्यवस्थाओं में भारत की GDP में सबसे ज़्यादा गिरावट, चीन में सकारात्मक ग्रोथ.चीन का दावा है कि अप्रैलजून तिमाही में उसकी जीडीपी ग्रोथ फ़ीसदी रही है.
It was manufactured with thanks to the American students providing hydroxychloroquine from India. Jai Hind.
Samsung Galaxy M51 will be launched in India on September, it may be priced
The first branch of Bank of China is starting in Mumbai, the devotees are not happy. Bank employees have come to KM via Ladakh.
पूर्व पीएम मनमोहन सिंह सालों में एक बार भी चीन के डर से अरुणाचल प्रदेश के दौरे पर नहीं गए। मोदी सरकार ने छह साल में चीनी सीमा पर नए एयरपोर्ट बनाए।
CBI ने एंबुलेंस ड्राइवर अक्षय से की पूछताछ सुशांत की मौत के बाद संदीप से बात करने का आरोप
शाहीन बाग के कई प्रदर्शनकारी BJP में शामिल, AAP ने लगाए आरोप पार्टी के इशारे पर...  NDTV तो क्या कहना है आप लोगों का शाहीन बाग धरना प्रदर्शन को लेकर कुछ शक तो हो रहा है राजनैतिक धरना प्रदर्शन होने का भोले भाले लोगों को जाति धर्म के नाम पर यूज करने का
Update The total test testing labs held on August 30 in the country so far have increased, Government Labs Private Labs have to protect themselves and others from the house without having to go out of the house.
The result of going to the hands of educated people in Pakistan, today Pakistan won the war against Corona, WHO tied the bridge of praise India Gawar, the result of going into the hands of a corrupt fool, India has become the world's poorest weak starving country in front of you in the year.
The voice of the country will not be lost in the struggle for truth ... won your trust, will win your trust by clicking on these links, download soon Android iOS
Haryana's Minister of State for Labor, Anoop Dhanak inaugurated road repair works at a new grain market of Ukala at a cost of crores of rupees.
Why is Indira Gandhi's son Rajiv Gandhi praying in Islamic mode at the funeral and PV Narasimha Rao is doing it in a Hindu way. No, this picture of Rajiv Gandhi and Narasimha Rao is not of Indira Gandhi's funeral.
कार्यालयों एवं कार्यस्थलों पर समस्त कर्मचारियोंकार्मिकों के संक्रमण से बचाव हेतु अपने मोबाइल फोन में डाउनलोड कर लेना चाहिए ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
Police arrested the accused after taking action of the Excise Department, recovered a thousand liters of liquor, recovered a large quantity of goods from the accused, a case was registered against the people in serious sections, arrested at Gujar Marg, Et police station.
ये आपकी सुविधा के लिए है। आप इसका ज़्यादा से ज़्यादा इस्तेमाल करें
Government will drop rupees from helicopter in every village
मुंबई में गुजराती में लिखे दुकानो के बोर्ड उतरवाने का काम खत्म हो गया हो तो मराठी अस्मिता के नाम पर मोहम्मद अली रोड परकी दुकानों के बोर्ड भी उतरवा लेना,अगर हिम्मत हो तो े के नपुंशक कार्यकर्ता को अर्पित। राष्ट्रवादी लोग करे
The Modi government has sent another installment of lakhs. Indian Army occupies Nehru's lost kilometer Jai Shri Ram Jai Hind
गलवान पर भारत के साथ अमेरिका, बोला हमारी रणनीति चीन को हर मोर्चे पर पीछे धकेलने की via
जीनियस थे सुशांत  दोनों हाथों से एक साथ लिखने में हासिल थी महारत, बहन ने शेयर किया VIDEO
Gold futures rise, silver also rises, know what are the prices
घरेलू कलह में पत्नी की हत्या, पति ने पत्थर से कूचकूचकर हत्या की, हत्या के बाद आरोपी पति मौके से फरार, पुलिस ने शव पोस्टमार्टम के लिए भेजा, प्रेम नगर थाने के शारदा नगर का मामला।
We launched new app Weather, Damini and Rain Alarm Meteorological Department
Kashmir and Palestine share the same commonality, Muslims are being oppressed in both places and the world is silent.
BJP along with corporate houses in Jharkhand ruins government health system: Congress
चेन्नई से अंडमान तक समुद्र के भीतर ऑप्टिकल फाइबर केबल बिछने से अंडमानवासियों के जीवन में बदलाव आएगा। अल्ट्राफास्ट G नेटवर्क मिलने से पर्यटन और डिजिटल सेवाओं को बढ़ावा मिलेगा।
भाजपा के राष्ट्रीय अध्यक्ष जगत प्रकाश नड्डा ने हेमंत सरकार पर तीखा हमला बोला है।
BasicFirst has brought a super smart coach and special design curriculum for children sitting at home, which is improving the online learning of these children.
BJP MLA Anil Upadhyay himself is getting votes from voters himself.
Writing to the media was on poverty, unemployment, corruption, but poor Kangana and Riya are not able to move beyond sinful stomach…
राष्ट्रीय खेल दिवस की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं
Understanding all the goods of the father-in-law who is selling, and by the time you come to know, your village will have gone away, till lakh crores of loans have been made in the year, but Modi has spent lakh crores in the year.
When Pranab agreed to the invitation, from then on, not only his own party, the Congress but also within the Bharatiya Janata Party, and even the Left parties, associated with the ideology of the RSS, it was blunt that what Pranab da would go to Nagpur to say.
कोरोना काल में आकर्षक मास्क बनाकर रुबीना ने बनाई अलग पहचान, PM नरेंद्र मोदी भी कर चुके हैं तारीफ PMModi
Education policy and education system are important means of fulfilling the aspirations of the country. Center, state government, local bodies, all are attached to the responsibility of education system. But it is also true that the government, its interference, its influence in education policy, should be at least PM
On casteism, Kangana Ranot said, my mother had adopted a Dalit girl, got her married as a daughter, I know similar modern India.
Muslims are not following social distancing in India
Why is the accused Riya Chakraborty being given VIP treatment by the Government of Maharashtra. Criminal psychologist Anuja Kapoor asked political analyst Vikram Singh Yadav, See asks India Lives on Republic India with Arnab
Dogs barking for hours from Kangana to Kimjon have no news of Annadata farmers
Please do not go out at night because some migrants are killing innocent people for money ornaments because there is a scarcity of cash in the market. Such incidents are going to happen again and again in the coming time… because there is no cash rotation in the country Happening and daily workers have no cash
Whether or not you are suffering from corona, it will be known in minutes, Swiss pharma company will soon introduce COVID test
Sushant was always fond of wires. So I found it perfect to name one star. I will always be proud that I saw such a beautiful and serious soul. May you always shine brightest.
NCB has questioned Riya Chakraborty
सुरेश रैना ने ट्विटर के जरिये यूएई से अपने भारत लौटने की वजह बताई 
Manjit Yadav, an Enamia accused of Rs, arrested in the encounter by the Kotwali police team, related to the MU 2020 section 307 Bhadwi police station. Byte in this regard.
जस्ट पुछिंग ... किसी के जख्मों पर नमक छिड़कना है। कौन सा सही रहेगा टाटा या पतंजलि ...
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold की लॉन्चिंग आज शाम बजे, यहां देंखे लाइव इवेंट
शराब की दुकानें खुलने पर बीजेपी नेत्री शराब पी रही हैं
 जो लोग मोदी जी को क्रिटिसाइज कर रहे हैं उनको शायद लॉकडाउन के बारे में पता ही नहीं चला, जब सारे उद्योग और धंधे बंद हो गए…
पिछले दोतीन दिन से प्रियंका वाड्रा को लेकर कुछ ज्यादा ही प्रचारप्रसार हो रहा है, ये तो गनीमत है इंदिरा की मृत्यु के समय प्रियंका जन्म ले चुकी थी वरना कांग्रेसियों में कथा फैल जाती कि इन्द्रा जी का पुनर्जन्म हो गया 
दिल्ली वालों के लिए खुशखबरी, मार्च तक बिजली की दरें नहीं बढ़ेंगी via
The membership of this bastard should be canceled… tomorrow of tomorrow… or else such bastard is very…
मोदी सरकार का बड़ा फैसला, बॉर्डर पर भी चिनियों को बैन कर रही है और डिजिटल वर्ल्ड में भी PUBG समेत मोबाइल ऐप्स पर लगाया बैन। 
In Singapore, Indian-origin leader Pritam Singh created history as he took over as the first leader of the opposition here.
Remove the lessons of eunuchs and impostors from books, Hindu has become hollow after reading them, now the valor of Chandrashekhar Azad and Bhagat Singh should be taught. Children will become patriotic ...
दिग्विजय सिंह ने राहुल गांधी के एक वीडियो को आधार बनाकर कहा शिवराज के खिलाफ उसी थाने में एफआईआर कराऊंगा, जहां पर मेरे खिलाफ केस दर्ज हुआ प्रदेश में शराब की बिक्री के मामले में मुख्यमंत्री शिवराज सिंह चौहान का फेक वीडियो ट्वीटर पर शेयर करने में फंसे पूर्व मुख्यमंत्री दिग्वि…
Do the fucking news channels also give headings ... Riya could not satisfy the CBI ... Calling guest house again today…
संविधान के अनुच्छेद एवं A को निरस्त करने के ऐतिहासिक निर्णय एवं उपलब्धि के लिए आदरणीय पीएम श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी जी, आदरणीय गृहमंत्री श्री अमित शाह जी एवं इस फैसले का समर्थन करने वाले सभी संसद सदस्यों को कोटिकोटि धन्यवाद भाजपा अध्यक्ष श्री
Riya Chakraborty leaves for Sushant case live NCB office, arrest hangs
You did not even tweet a single word in the Bol Bol Bol tweet, Kaminey, all our tweets are filled with retweet and reply
What is Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath doing. The government is running or honoring women. Gang rape and murder are as common in Lucknow.
Shaheed Virpal Singh was posted in the Sundari Forest of Jammu and Kashmir. He was patrolling along the Pakistan border with his comrades to prevent infiltration at the border ...
   कंगना की बालकनी टूटी, मीडिया में बहुत शोर हुआ हरियाणा में किसानों की हड्डियां तोड़ी, सारे राष्ट्रवादी खामोश है
भारत ने पैंगोंग सो क्षेत्र में सभी रणनीतिक बिंदुओं पर सैन्य मौजूदगी मजबूत की सूत्र
Honorable Vajpayee's niece finally broke the silence. Know what I said, I will die but I will not go to the Bharatiya Janata Party in life.
साली chutiya इस कुतिया को बच्चे पैदा होने की machine बनना है एक मुल्ले से छि
Cheap steroids can save lives in severe cases of corona virus covid 19
अल्लाह के घर देर है अंधेर नही रंजन गोगोई positive
Ajay Devgan and his mother
Let me also tweet on Sushant and say your biggest digital movement for Sushant continuously from 55 PM only on ZEE NEWS and at 55 PM of Taal Thok
Supreme Court, what punishment the voice of Prashant Bhushan in contempt case: Naveen Negi
Teachers will have a central role in the fundamental changes being made in the education system. It has been made clear in this education policy that the most promising people in the teaching profession should be selected and their livelihood, dignity and autonomy should be ensured.
फ़िल्मी ऐक्ट्रेस कंगना रानावत इस समय किसी BJPRSS नेता से पार्टी के लिए कम काम नही कर रही हैं।हिंदुत्व की झंडाबरदार हैं।लगातार आरक्षण के ख़िलाफ़ बोल रही हैं।भाजपा अपने इस अघोषित प्रचारक का खंडन नही कर रही। माना जाए कि भाजपा की सहमति है।
कोरोना संक्रमण की रिकवरी दर प्रतिशत तक पहुंच गई है
Dislocators were not the only students opposing them. This included, for months and years, lakhs of students have been demanding the release of results from government recruitment commissions, conducting exams, appointments.
PM Narendra Modi is seen watching the North Ramayana in PMO
Troubles for Delhi Capitals increased, Kovid got 19 positive one member in third test
The casteist atrocities are increasing day by day in the state of BJP, a sarpanch was murdered in Botad district yesterday and another incident in Rajkot was murdered in Rajkot. .
Till two days ago, hectares of Uttarakhand were under the grip of forest fire, till this time last year, this figure was one and a half thousand hectares. Many pictures and videos of fire in the forests of Uttarakhand are going viral on social media these days. Some of these photos So are of recent times. But large numbers…
US researchers claim antiviral medication given to cats is also effective for corona, it blocks proteins that increase the number of viruses.
A food kit containing essential materials is being distributed to the flood affected families. In this kit, kilo flour, kilo rice, kilo potato, kilo lai, kilo roasted gram, kilo pulses, gram. Salt, g Turmeric is being distributed Relief Commissioner, Mr. Sanjay Goyal
हाहाहा, कुत्ते को शेर तो आप समझ रहे हो वो भी ऐसे कुत्ते को जिन्होने आपकी बहू बेटियो को नोच नोच कर खाया था. आप भूल सकते है सिखो का वो दारुण नरसन्हार मगर देश नही भूल सकता. हम घास की रोटी खाने वाली कौम है जो देश के लिये सिर कटाते है मगर मुफ़्त की बिरियानी के लिये लाइन नही लगाते
India Post is recruiting for the post of Staff Car Driver, Gramin Dak Sevak and Administrative Officer.
Kangana calms down after learning of her father, promised to mother, will not take panga
Why are the self-proclaimed world's best CMs doing so few tests in Uttar Pradesh, unable or afraid?
मैं सभी से अनुरोध करता हूं कि इस ऑडियो को एक बार जरूर सुने। ोविड19 के बारे में डॉ शेट्टी सर कुछ महत्वपूर्ण बात कह रहे हैं।
क्या कार में अकेले ट्रेवल करते वक्त मास्क लगाना जरूरी है
The Indian government is about to stop using urea in farming.
   गांव बसा नहीं लुटेरे पहले आ गए....
Think ... is Modi right for PM post or Ambani one made the country poor .. The other poor country buyer one dropped GDP .. The other increased turnover ... One's power is social media's ... The other's power To be no more than capital ..
This viral video is being told of Patna AIIMS OPD is very frightening situation. For years, CM Ji has been playing with the lives of the people of Bihar, today the lives of people are in danger due to Zamindoj Health Services. Corona careless even in crisis, but rally everyday…
After Modi returned to power with a strong mandate, Narendra Modi's speech in Parliament to NDA MPs had a profound impact on Mahmood Madani. General Secretary of Jamiat-Eulemaehind Mahmood Madni has written a letter congratulating Modi for this. May
आतंकियों की अब खैर नहीं श्रीनगर सेक्टर में दहशतगर्दों का सफाया करेगी यह महिला अफसर
Delhi: Former President Pranab Mukherjee's funeral at Lodhi Garden, son Abhijit Mukherjee paid his last farewell.
We have an Anga Dev, whose journey never mentioned Ram, our songs never mentioned Ram, our language is all different, why is the government forcibly constructing the temple under the Ramavan Gaman RSS scheme, why are the schools in tribal areas has been discontinued
Must develop a culture of cleanliness, urban society gets accustomed to tolerate the issue of filth
Students in Mumbai shouted freedom slogans from Hindus. In the video, Khalid can be seen chanting slogans.
सबसे बड़ा हरामखोर कमीना सूकर कंजरीवाल और तेरे झंड मवाली ब्लैकिया चोर डकैत गुंडों के दिन अब लदने वाले हैं क्योंकि अब जनता तुम बहरूपियों की असलियत जान गई है। यदि तू अपनी इज़्ज़त समझता है तो सुल्तानपुर के ब्लैकिए को निष्काषित कर नही तो आप की कब्र तैयार है।
राजकोट के सिविल अस्पताल में कोरोना मरीज़ की पिटाई का वीडियो वायरल हुआ... परिवार का आरोप मरीज की मौत पिटाई से हुई, अस्पताल का दावा मौत ोरोना से हुई । कोरोना के बहाने विरोधी को निपटा रहे हैं
During the excavation of Ram temple in Ayodhya, an 11-inch Shivling has been found.Model Udit Raj should not even tell it a Buddhist pillar.As the temple is being excavated, the story of the atrocities and sins of Babur and Babur's descendants is coming out Jai Shri Ram.
For the first time in the year, the rupee weakened from the Bangladeshi Taka.
On the Maratha reservation in Maharashtra, the Supreme Court issued notice to the state government seeking its reply in the week. Reservation is not currently banned. The High Court's decision upholding the Maratha reservation has been challenged in the petitions.
उत्पाद विभाग ने बंगाल से लाई जा रही लाख की अंग्रेजी शराब की जब्त, सहरसा में होनी थी डिलीवरी
फिल्म अभिनेत्री कंगना रनौत को गृह मंत्रालय ने दी Y श्रेणी की सुरक्षा सूत्र
स्थानीय लोगों का गुस्सा इतना था कि उन्होंने न सिर्फ कांति सिंह वापस जाओ के नारे लगाए बल्कि काले झंडे भी दिखाए...
I will pick you up and I will keep watching you in a dolly, CBI poor NCB
Bihar Deputy CM Sushil Modi targeted Lalu Yadav and Jharkhand government, accused this charge
Starting tomorrow, sero survey work is being started in districts of Lucknow, Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Agra, Ghaziabad, Baghpat, Moradabad, Meerut, Varanasi, Prayagraj and Kaushambi. ACS, Medical and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
The thief was robbed heavily, the villagers fiercely beat the thief, beaten and handed over to the police, the police interrogated the thief in the police station, the case of Antukapura of Kadadham Kotwali.
BMC reaches Mumbai office before Kangana reaches Mumbai
On the BREAKING case, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court said that the MLAs should go to the speaker again. If the speaker does not listen then he will hear again tomorrow.
French magazine Sharley Abdo again raids controversial cartoons on Prophet Mohammed
Now Nasiruddin Shah's health deteriorated .. He has also been admitted to the hospital.
सुशांत केस में एक और गिरफ्तारी, NCB ने अनुज केशवानी को किया गिरफ्तार
UN Security Council. In front of one of its committee, Pakistan had proposed to declare two Indians as terrorists. The committee rejected Pakistan's proposal.
Today is the day of CBI investigation. Meanwhile, sources are quoting news that the CBI has not found evidence of Sushant's murder.
ऐसा क्यों लगता है के भारत अब बॉलीवुड की गन्दगी की सफ़ाई में लग गया है। इधर ड्रग्स के मामले में Stars फंसे तो उधर माफिया की फिल्म गुंजन सक्सेना के खिलाफ भारत सरकार दिल्ली कोर्ट में पहुंचे।
This picture of Guna is not of the dead father in the lap of the children, but of the soul and humanity of India, the farmer parents of these children drank pesticide in the fold.
Mother-in-law, you silent bastard
Pranab da always enhanced the pride of the country, gave a new direction to the country, Pranab da had mastered the art of keeping everyone together, it is a matter of deep sorrow and shock for the whole country that Bharat Ratna Pranab Mukherjee did not live among us home Minister
Few women molesting girl, molesting MLA Llupadhyay
No charges will be levied on digital transactions like UPI, RuPay, orders issued by Central Board of Direct Taxes
कर्नाटक संकट मुंबई से बेंगलुरू रवाना हुए बागी MLA, विधानसभा स्पीकर पहुंचे सुप्रीम कोर्ट
Asked CBI's screws on Sandeep Singh, where did Sushant's PAN base source
Yesterday, ration was distributed on the cards relative to the Antyodaya Ration Card Scheme in rural and urban areas in the state, which is ACS, Home and Information, Mr. G.
This woman is the wife of industrialist Gautam Adani, bowed neck is probably that of Ramu Kaka, he bow himself and says to the devotees, I will not let the country bow down, I will not let the country sell.
पर्यटन मंत्रालय ने अक्टूबर तक सभी होटल, रेस्टोरेंट, रिजॉर्ट बंद रखने के आदेश दिए हैं
At the Naval Technology Acceleration Council NTAC launch and MOU signing program between NTACA and UPEDA ...
The brother-in-law does not understand how the children of the locality are notty, Bolu Sanjay Raut like haramkhor has changed its definition.
India reiterates its commitment to create a friendly, inclusive and balanced trade environment with Australia and Japan
ने और टीम के प्रैक्टिस सेशन का एक वीडियो सोशल मीडिया पर शेयर किया है। देखिए...
Mithila painting is also becoming a source of employment along with showing the civilization and culture of Mithilanchal
Trinamool MP erupted over cancellation of Question Hour in Monsoon session starting in September
What does Martin Luther King's daughter say about racism
 अंकिता लोखंडे ने सुशांत सिंह के साथ मनाए वेकेशन का वीडियो किया शेयर, याद में लिखी कविता
The NeTUG exam scheduled to be held in July has been canceled till August. Please tell here that earlier this examination was to be held in May. However, it was postponed until July due to the lockdown.
The biggest court in Babri Masjid case is Sala Iman Bench
I remember the education policy that Rajiv Gandhi had brought as Prime Minister was completely fraudulent. Before that there was no change in education policy, but there was no change in it, but the education policy which the respected Shriji has brought will change the picture of India in the coming time.
CM said attack on him, said that even inside he tweets outrageously
   इंदिरा गांधी जी और राजीव गांधी जी ने देश के लिए अपना खून बहाया, कफन और स्टेशन बेचने वाले कुछ पाकेटमार कहते हैं…
कश्मीर में जो भी अब तक मारे गए वह आतंकी नहीं थे आम कश्मीरियों को उठाकर बड़े पैमाने पर आतंकी बताकर मार दी गई हकीकत में एक आतंकी आ जाए बटालियन की पेंट गीली हो जाती है उसके साथ एनकाउंटर करने में एक आतंकी चार से पांच को नहीं मारेंगे तब तक नहीं मरते आप दिमाग में यह बात बैठा लीजिए
Djokovic was angry after Busta trailed by 5. In this disappointment, he hit the ball with his racket on his back, the ball went straight to the line judge. Who immediately sat on his knees while holding his neck.
For the first time in the history of India, millions of Shivling seen in the Sivakasi river of Karnataka
केरल के कोझिकोड में दुबई से कालीकट आ रहे एयर इंडिया के विमान दुर्घटनाग्रस्त होने का दुःखद समाचार प्राप्त हुआ है। ईश्वर से दिवंगत आत्माओ की शांति एवं घायलों के शीघ्र स्वस्थ होने की कामना करता हूं।
Important news is you also have credit card of this bank, so late payment will be expensive from today
India's top-ranked men's singles player has reached the second round of a Grand Slam for the first time in his career, this is the first time in the year that an Indian men's singles player has won a match, the feat being achieved by Somdev Devvarman. was achieved
बोला था न जनता माफ नही करेंगी।” कैप्शन से पता चलता है कि बीजेपी उम्मीदवार को जनता के गुस्से का सामना करना पड़ा है।
This plan of BSNL is getting GB data, validity of one year
Kohli's appeal was the second time in the day Kohli asked to follow the Bio Secure Protocol, telling the players that we have come to play cricket, not just for fun, Dubai.
The central government has released a new guideline, according to which the list of corona infected patients will be imprisoned for the month.
Petrol Diesel Price एक दिन शांत रहने के बाद फिर चढ़ा पेट्रोल, जानें अपने शहर के दाम via
Actress Malaika Arora's Kovid Test Positive has arrived. This news has been given by Times of India. According to the news, Malaika's sister and actress Amrita Arora has confirmed this.
Royal Enfield की नई Meteor बाइक, इसी महीने हो सकती है लॉन्च
मोदी सरकार की नासमझी नीतियों और कोरोना को नियंत्रित करने में नाकामी ने भारत को एक अभूतपूर्व आर्थिक और स्वास्थ्य संकट में धकेल दिया है।
Do not roam, everyone will be accounted. All misdeeds will be accounted for by choosing. Now only he will rule, who will talk about the interest of Hindu society. Popular
People of India will give obeisance to the rants, now you will be threatened, you will be threatened to be sent to jail, you will be abused, you will be harassed, you will be doing vulgar things, you will see every beggar you see today beggar Killed in lockdown
यह भारत का मिसाइल टेस्ट है, जो कि फेल हो गया है। क्या भारत ऐसे ही दूसरे देशों से लड़ेगा
US Presidential Election Trump said that the promises I make will also be fulfilled. Know the result of his big promises in the year.
Fraud of a woman in the name of eviction from red light area, youth escaped after grabbing lakhs of rupees
सोमवार को लालगंज पुलिस स्टेशन में वर्ष के दलित युवक की पुलिस बर्बरता से मौत हो गई। आए दिन उप्र में ऐसी घटनाएँ होती रहती हैं ।
A Muslim man is being forced to lick the spit of a Hindu. Most probably to break his fast. The windshield of the vehicle shows that the incident is from Surat
जन्माष्टमी मे मोर पंख इतना ज्यादा महत्वपूर्ण है कि उसके लिए राष्ट्रीय पक्षी को भी नहीं बख्शा। ये घटना कहाँ की है मैं नहीं जानता लेकिन क्या इन जीवों की हत्या ज़ायज है या ये सवाल बकरीद ईद के लिए ही है
कंगना के साथसाथ तू अपनी रीना दीदी के भी याद कर ले लेकिन मुंबई में चाह कर भी बीजेपी वाले इसे नहीं बचा पाएंगे क्योंकि पूरे महाराष्ट्र को पाकिस्तान बता दी है महाराष्ट्र स्वाभिमान के लिए जानी जाती है
लड़की वाले आपका लड़का कितना सहनशील है,  घर वाले कांग्रेसी चमचा है जी.. दुनियाभर की गालियां खाने के बाद भी हँस लेता है
सिर्फ पढ़ाईलिखाई के तौर तरीकों में बदलाव लाने के लिए नहीं है बल्कि सामाजिक और आर्थिक जीवन को भी नई दिशा देने वाली है। नई शिक्षा नीति के विजन को नई दिशा देगी  प्रधानमंत्री
के ऑक्सीमित्रों द्वारा कल प्रदेश के अलग अलग क्षेत्रों में ऑक्सीजन जाँच अभियान चलाकर लोगों के ऑक्सीजकन स्तर की जांच की गयी।
Bhutan has stopped the water given to the farmers of Assam this year. Due to which farmers are getting upset.
साला कन्फ़्यूज़न ही कन्फ़्यूज़न है सोल्यूशन का पता नहीं, महाशय जब आपने ीट की परीक्षा तिथि ही तय नहीं की तो पर कैसे आयोजित होगी आपको और को हो क्या गया है,मानसिक रूप से तो सही हो ना
The devotees are requested not to sprinkle much. If they run away from Twitter in desperation, then who will entertain again
Kottikoti salutes him on the birth anniversary of Shri Dadabhai Naoroji, popularly known as educationist, thinker and The Great Old Man of India.
आदरणीय PM श्री जी का आज स्वतंत्रता दिवस के सुअवसर पर दिया गया उद्बोधन, देश की अंतरात्मा का स्वर है। प्रधानमंत्री जी का प्रेरक संदेश हम सभी भारतीयों में ऊर्जा का संचार करेगा। समस्त देशवासी भारत की उन्नति के लिए अपना सर्वश्रेष्ठ योगदान देने हेतु तत्पर हैं। जय हिंद
The DRDO and Defense Production Department informed PM Modi about the production capacity and technical skills of the country's defense companies.
Chirag Paswan convenes meeting of parliamentary party in Delhi, discusses Bihar election
 लेहरू जी के PM रहते समय सन में चीन द्वारा छीनी रेकीन पहाड़ी पर साल बाद भारतीय सैनिकों ने कब्ज़े में लेकर फहराया…
कपिल शर्मा शो में का खुलासा ‘ छप चुके थे कार्ड और गाने लिखने की वजह से टूट गई शादी ‘
Closure of puncture shop ... The main reason for falling GDP is Lulla's brothers
Narendra Modi will have to go through my corpse before handing it over to Muslims
मीडिया को क्या कभी रोहित बेमुला और पायल तड़वी दिखाई नही देता सिर्फ सुशांत कंगना ही क्यों दिखाई देता है
हवाओं ने भी अपना रुख बदल दिया जब सुबह जगाने वाले वेटर को पप्पू ने थप्पड़ जड़ दिया बोले कम से कम शपथ तो ले लेने दिया होता 
राम मंदिर निर्माण समिति के चेयरमैन कल अयोध्या का करेंगे दौरा, नींव खुदाई से पहले परिसर का लेंगे जायजा
This letter has been written by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh to Prime Minister Modi. Army Chief General Manoj Narwane and Lieutenant General Harinder Singh have been found guilty of negligence in the Indo-China border dispute.
Dowry has been made a murder because it is enough to accuse the family of the woman and charge a hefty amount in the name of verdict. There are dog seeds that falsely claim dowry murder. In the false case of a dowry murder, after getting the fat goods, the girl's brother says that we have received compensation for the land.
International flights will start from Kushinagar Airport in Uttar Pradesh within about months. Kushinagar in western Uttar Pradesh is not only the focal point of the Buddhist circuit but is also a pilgrimage site for Buddhist beliefs around the world.
People know how in a state like Bihar, we have killed people, the Chief Minister of Bihar
Old mother became Corona positive, leaving four children in the farm and escaped
यह कोरोनोवायरस है, कोरोनावायरस की चपेट वो आई और मिनट में उसकी मृत्यु हो गई। अब कोरोनोवायरस चीन, भारत, मलेशिया, सिंगापुर में है। सभी लोग सावधान रहें।
Jio Vs Airtel Vs Vodafone इन प्रीपेड प्लान्स में रोज मिलता है GB डाटा, कीमत रुपये से शुरू
Rafael could also be found in Yubani war if Y category security was beaten.
वे जीना चाहते हैं और हमारे बच्चे मरने के लिए तैयार हैं।
मध्यप्रदेश को अत्याचार प्रदेश मत बनाइये . जी, इन बहनों की आवाज आपके नेता. और. ने आज ग्वालियर की सड़कों में सुना है। उस आवाज के दर्द को पहचानिए और इनकी समस्या का तत्काल समाधान करिये। . . . .
Woman raped at Indoor Stadium Park in Jehanabad, Bihar, know what is the whole matter
Raina's uncle and brother killed in black-cut gang attack
The Corona report of Home Minister Amit Shah has now come negative. That is, they are completely cured now.
The Trinamool Congress TMC has nominated Bengali actress and model Nusrat Jahan as a candidate to contest from Basirhat in North Pargana constituency in West Bengal. Within hours of the announcement, a photoshopped photo of Nusrat Jahan is going viral on social media. Nusrat Jahan's revealing picture is enough to get people to vote
Indraji also brought you Yamraj sahib, did not Agnivesh, Yamraj feel like my uncle, or brought me forward on the buffalo
India recorded a recovery recovery rate in the last hours while new cases were reported in the previous hours, deaths were reported
Our jawans also perform their duty in the Divi, and we sleep comfortably, they save their homeland, Jai Hind Jai Bharat. Our veteran is local surfer Dan Skater, aka Surfer Dan, one of a small group of locals who can surf on Lake Superior even under the most extreme circumstances. The day was truly extreme because of the cold degree of wind. I was capturing footage for my Jerusalem series and almost frostbite on my right hand, trying to ride along the shore. His snowy beard tells all about the severe cold. The video is filmed in Prince Isle Park, Michigan, on the southern shore of Lake Superior, in the magnificent Peninsula, Michigan. Our jawans also perform their duty in Minas Dirgi, and we sleep comfortably, save our country, Jai Hind Jai Bharat.
Modi ji's gift to the general public. Privatization of Pune Junction. Rupee platform ticket valid for hours only. Devotees clap
Destruction black opposite Wisdom Bengal police detained a woman because she called her husband Shri Ram Sinha
After coming to Modi Raj, it is now known that how many anti-Hindu works the Congress had done for so many years, support Modayogi for a good day ..
As such, the N95 mask was declared useless after earning. Similarly, after earning, sanitizer, handwash and immunity booster will also be declared ineffective. Then the round of earning from the vaccine will begin. You keep the fear and we keep the market. The World Horror Organization WHO is always with your fear
This smartphone with mAh battery will be available for Rs.
Shabad Patra's new announcement, 'Puri' Patra will sit on the pavement and eat food and sleep on the pavement to see Garibi up close
This is Delhi Model Corona in this difficult time when there are health services. New mohalla clinic started in Karol Bagh. Health services should be the first issue of every government, but apart from Kejriwal government, has anyone else worked seriously in this direction?
In the Sushant case live NCB interrogation, Riya names big Bollywood celebrities
लुटेरी हो गयी सरकार. काला धन लाने के बजाय सरकार काला धन बढ़ा रही साल में रिकॉर्ड  की बढ़ोतरी
अठावले ने सिब्बलआज़ाद को दी ज्योतिरादित्य सिंधिया जैसा कदम उठाने की सलाह
Yesterday and the day after yesterday, you were tweeting a lot, what happened, now the ass broke, Gandu, why don't you die by eating poison in the middle of nowhere, your photo which has gone viral looks very dirty, you turned out to be worse than eunuch but in Bollywood Where will you be a Sharif when the percentage is brother-in-law
Let Xi Jin Ping speak to Modi, we have a lot of atomic bombs, let me go to Italy before Rahul Gandhi
बता मां बता वो कोन था जिसने बचपन मे मेरे हाथ पर लिख दिया मेरा बाप चौर है  मां  था कोई कमीना मुकेश सनी करके 
Bihar elections are going to be held in times of floods, unemployment, starvation, corona. In Bihar, the infection is spreading fast. The Election Commission should pay compensation in advance if a voter gets corona infection during voting.
The PM is constantly striving to realize the vision of a self-reliant India. Getting the second position this year, relative to last year's rank of Ease of Doing Business ranking by Uttar Pradesh, is a direct proof of this. Congratulations to all the people.
Just think what is necessary for this country ...
अबे चरसी गांजाटी तेरी औकात नाही साले भडवे डूब मर काही जाके
यह मुस्लिम लड़की के लिए सेहरी तैयार कर रही थी, इसलिए इस पर आरएसएस के गुंडे ने हमला कर दिया
दलित महिला के साथ मुज़फ़्फ़र नगर , उप्र में छेड़छाड़ । उप्र बना दलित उत्पीड़न का प्रयोगशाला।
OnePlus Nord gets new update, fixes this problem
बुद्ध नगरी है.. इस वीडियो में देखें हर जगह बुद्ध ही बुद्ध है। राम नाम कहीं नहीं मिल रहा है
Haryana's Minister of Education and Forests Kanwar Pal Gurjar said that to protect nature, a mass movement will have to be conducted. The participation of the youth of our country is very important in this movement. Mr. Gurjar was addressing the program of plantation and environmental friends as the main date.
To silence the voice of the media means to suppress the voice of the public. This happens only when a particular person or government starts feeling threatened by the media. See actor Shekhar Suman asks India LIVE on Republic India with Arnab
Ziyoraditya Scindia has removed BJP's name from his Twitter bio, leaving the party
Now sports players will be directly recruited in government jobs.
अगर माइनस में gdp के लिए भगवान जवाबदार है तो उन्हें भी इस देश से निकल देने चाहिए।
Pappu Yadav told PM Modi and CM Nitish Kumar that anti-poor, Prakash Kumar's report said this big thing
See why the Mumbai Police has hidden the whole truth of Deepesh's WhatsApp chat, asks India LIVE on Republic India with Arnab
रिया चक्रवर्ती से NCB की पूछताछ जारी, कल रिया ने क़ुबूल की थी शोविक के ज़रिए सुशांत के लिए ड्रग्स मंगाने की बात लेकिन ख़ुद ड्रग्स लेने की बात से किया था इनकार
ABPGanga came to power connection of murder accused Palak Thakur
Chanting patron Pappu Yadav targeted the NDA, said that much has now been done to spare Bihar
The main reason for the problem of Hindus is to remain silent of Hindus, they will feel bad that they say anything to you, this is the problem.
I am going ahead with the vote after the round is over.
Uttarakhand once again quarantined CM, cabinet meeting postponed
Detail of Delhi-based bank account was withdrawn
अगर दुनिया का सबसे ताकतबर प्रधानमंत्री हमारे देश में है, तो दुनिया का सबसे गिरा हुआ विपक्ष भी अपने ही देश मे ही है 
In MP, will Karona pandal be spread and will coronavirus mujra be done by BJP pandal
  हमे बढिया लगा और तुम को कैसा लगा पिछवाडे से निकलते धुए से दिख रहा है 
Desh ke gaddar raised slogans at. The traitors of the country shouted slogans of Pakistan Zindabad, Wadala station in Mumbai Maharashtra. In support of Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi, Pakistan Zindabad slogans are being raised .... Wadala Station Mumbai
नोर्थईस्ट की खूबसूरती की कायल हुई कंगना रनौत, फैंस से की बदलाव लाने की अपील
फ्रांस ने भारत में राफेल फाइटर जेट भेजते समय धूमधाम से राफेल को विदाई दी थी। यह वीडियो उसी विदाई का है।
ऑक्सी मित्र द्वारा मुरैना जिले के सबलगढ विधानसभा में ऑक्सिजन व ब्लड प्रेशर की जांच की गई।
Slogans of Pakistan Zindabad are being raised at Mumbai's Wadala station, all this has begun to happen under Uddhav Thackeray, it seems that Bal Thackeray's support is the support of the government.
Seeing Ramayana got this amazing knowledge. Ravana's court was all spoonful and all were devotees in Lord Shri Ram's army.
Update The total test testing labs held on August 31 in the country so far have increased, Government Labs Private Labs have to protect themselves and others from the house without having to go out of the house.
The farmer should get off on the road, India should be shut down; the crores of crores of people who live on the road will be afraid of the poles hiding in the house, then their bread will take away their livelihood. They will continue to work in the field all day like donkeys, there is no luck in the last two rotis Will have to commit suicide due to debt
This is the spy plane of India, which has been demolished by the Nepal Army.
Rahul Gandhi Maa What will I do next year Sonia Gandhi Son has recharged TV and sit and watch Chhota Bheem.
चुनाव से पहले फंसते ही जा रहे है ट्रंप, अब इस नए खुलासे ने बढ़ाई मुश्किलें
What is the security of Y category, who gets this special security
अमरोहा पुलिस की कार्रवाई, कच्ची शराब बनाते ग्राम प्रधान समेत तीन रंगे हाथ गिरफ्तार
This is the best birthday gift I have ever had in my year of life. Thanks a lot to everyone and people still keep giving oximeter gifts so that we can reach more and more villages. We have to try and save as many people as possible.
Abdullah, Mufti, Communist, Congress met that when they come to power, they will reinstate. That is why I say Congress-free India is important.
In recognition of your services to the nation, you were awarded the highest honor Bharat Ratna. The Parliament of India honored you with the Best Parliamentarian Award for your contribution.
Expressing condolences to the bereaved family, Shri Arya said that in this hour of crisis, God should give the family the strength to bear sorrow.
It is possible that this government can do anything, can take votes in the name of Ind Pak T20, can take credit for the martyrdom of brave soldiers by doing little politics and can charge rupees for filling forms from unemployed youth.
Salute the valor, valor and sacrifice of Shri Veer Pal Singh ji of Kannauj resident who sacrificed his life while protecting the national identity in Jammu and Kashmir. Your sacrifice is incredible. This valor is unforgettable. Uttar Pradesh is proud of you. Jai Hind
Now who is spreading the rumor that in the language of the blind devotee, the hemp is called Prasad….
Unemployment rate figures in India are once again frightening, in August, compared to July, the figures have again raised people's concerns.
The way the Bharatiya Janata Party is troubling the farmers and the youth, it seems that the party will never go ahead with its government…
This is Mohammed Afroz. The rapist under the age of the most heinous Delhi Nirbhaya rape case of that time. The law of the country freed because he was a minor then.
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी का साल की उम्र में निधन, भारत रत्न से सम्मानित प्रणब मुखर्जी ने से तक भारत के वें राष्ट्रपति के रूप में काम किया पूर्व राष्ट्रपति के राजनीतिक सफ़र पर एक नज़र
आज की रात गिद्धों को सुकून की नींद आयेगी । आज उन्होने एक मासूम का शिकार किया है ।
Best wishes to all of you on Lord Vaman's birth anniversary, the fifth incarnation of Lord Vishnu. May the grace of Lord Vishnu be with you all the time.
Union Cabinet condoles death of former President
Moto G9 Plus price and specifications leaked before launch
Daughter of diamond businessman, who came to Patna from Gujarat to marry lover, father took report of this step
For the purpose of Islamization, Nehru had separated Kashmir from India by applying Section A. Modi canceled it and re-merged Kashmir with India. Now the Congress wants to separate Kashmir from India again, why should we not Congress? End it
सारे सबूत होने के बाद भी न्याय मिलने में इतनी देर क्यों क्या साधुओं की जिन्दगी अब हिंदुस्तान में मायने नही रखती लगता है सरकार भी भूल गई है और लोग भी। पर हम ना भूलेंगे ना भूलने देंगे।
एच.एस.टी.एम.एस.टी. में चयनित अभ्यर्थियों को हो रही परेशानियों के समाधन के लिए मुख्यमंत्री श्री . को पत्र।
यह ख़बर जो एजेंट मीडिया नहीं चलाएगा । दक्षिण अमेरिकी एकजुट वामपंथी पार्टी ने बीजेपी के गुंडों और गुंडों के नेता बाबुल सुप्रियो द्वारा जादवपुर विश्वविद्यालय परिसर पर हमले का विरोध किया है । बीजेपी का पर्दाफाश देश में ही नहीं, बल्कि विदेशों में भी हो रहा है ।
भारत चीन तनाव के बीच विदेश मंत्री एस जयशंकर और रक्षामंत्री राजनाथ सिंह लेंगे SCO बैठक में हिस्सा
कोरोना पर नियंत्रण के लिए दिल्ली मॉडल की रणनीति समेत देश के अन्य राजनीतिक मुद्दों पर दैनिक जागरण से बातचीत की। Do read
Petrol became expensive in the past day, know today's rate
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation has extended the ban on the regular operation of international commercial flights till September, saying that the ban will not be applicable on international cargo flights and specially approved flights.
दिल्ली पुलिस ने अपनी चार्ज शीट में ताहिर हुसैन को दिल्ली दंगों का मास्टर माइंड बनाया है, जबकि पूरा देश जनता हैं कि दंगे किसने कराये असल दंगाइयों से अभी तक पुलिस ने पूछ ताछ तक नही की, मुझे लगता है कि ताहिर हुसैन को सिर्फ मुसलमान होने की सज़ा मिली है।
India is becoming a country where anyone can raise their face and challenge the government. Because the government is listening quietly, and is negotiating. Whether it is China, Pakistan, Turkey or a small Nepal
अपने बयान में गौरव आर्या ने इस बात से नकारा कि उन्होंने को किसी भी तरह का ड्रग कभी बेचा हो.
ने पर मूवी माफिया के मुख्य दोषी होने का खुलेआम आरोप लगाया है
CMERI Durgapur has planted a huge solar tree in its residential colony. It is being claimed that it is the largest solar tree in the world.
Is Dr, who is called God, smuggling organs in such a corona period…. Please take this into consideration ……
पूर्वराष्ट्रपति भारत रत्न आदरणीय प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन की खबर से स्तब्ध हूँ। अनुभवी, कुशल व दूरदर्शी राजनीतिज्ञ के अलावा प्रणव दा विद्वान, संवेदनशील एवं जनप्रिय नेता थे। उनका देहावसान एक युग की समाप्ति है।
Had called his son to the ICU ward near him at midnight.
Yes sir, you have said the right thing, you are misleading all the Congress's pig farmers of the Congress. Someone is asking Congress what they have done for the farmers in years. A Congress dog will not have an answer. Hail India
Metro resumed days later, happiness seen in people, strict adherence to corona protocol
Earthquake tremors felt near NCS near Mumbai
्नावरेपकांड दोषी BJP MLA ुलदीपसिंहसेंगर को हाई कोर्ट से मिली जमानत,अब सवाल यह उठता है कि जिस जज ने जमानत दिया है, अगर पीड़िता उसी जज की बेटी होती,तो भी वह जज जमानत दे देता क्या इस हैवान ने पीड़िता के पूरे खानदान को मार डाला, फिर भी उस जज को तरस नहीं आया
प्रणब मुखर्जी का अंतिम दर्शन करने पहुंचे पीएम मोदी, दी श्रद्धांजलि
 दीपेश सांवत को मुंबई के स्थानीय कोर्ट ले जाया जा रहा है, देखिए रिपब्लिक भारत पर  YouTube live TV
On the satisfaction of the traders, Uttar Pradesh got feedback from the leading investors and entrepreneurs, more than percent of the applications were disposed off in due time.
The Al Jazeera Media Network strongly condemns attempts to discredit the network as propagating anti-India and anti-Hindu sentiments.
England, now in New Zealand, will be crowned for the title fight by dropping the World Champion from the World Cup
एक स्वतंत्रता सेनानी के बेटे प्रणब मुखर्जी का राष्ट्रपति बनने तक का सफर 
तभी तुम लोग अपनी मा चुदाने आते है भारत में साले भुक्के नग्गे , साले नेपाल एक भिक महंगे का देश है , तेरे बाप चाइना ने सारा नेपाल को कब्जा कर चुका है और तेरे जैसे चुतिय खाली भारत दिखता है,
बॉलीवुड के महानायक अमिताभ बच्चन हमेशा दूसरों के अच्छे काम की सराहना करते हैं और अपने दोस्तों के अच्छे काम के लिए उन्हें शुभकामनाएं देते हैं.
The central government has banned all government recruitment. Now there will be no appointment of employees in any government department or ministry.
meaning. In which we talk about the economy. With India Today Hindi Editor Anshuman Tiwari. Why is action going on in the US on Amazon, Google, Facebook, Reliance Jio is towards monopoly in Indian market
बिहार सरकारी जमीन पर मंदिर और बाबा साहेब की प्रतिमा स्थापित करने को लेकर दो पक्षों में जमकर मारपीट
शाओमी आज लॉन्च करेगी Mi TV Horizon Edition, मिल सकते हैं ये दमदार फीचर
Hearing begins in Karnataka LIVE Updates SC, Rohatgi said what the speaker has to study in resignation of a line
Narendra Modi's mind is being disliked on YouTube
The five acres of land given by the Hastestroke Supreme Court, the Sunni Waqf Board took a decision on the Babri Hospital which will provide free facilities equivalent to AIIMS ..
वो सब छोड़ो...
People wanted treatment for Corona, they gave a curse named Kangana ...
Testing of Karona in Delhi, two important incidents took place today. In Delhi, the testing rate was reduced to Rs. Rapid antigen testing started in Delhi from today, the results of which come in minutes, I hope that now people of Delhi will not have any problem of testing.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath tweeted and wished Teachers Day ...
कोरोना को खत्म करने के लिए जी ने करोड़ का प्लेन खरीदा। जल्द ही कोरोना की विदाई इसी प्लेन से की जायेगी।
There was a gay party in Italy before Coronavirus arrived, it was the last gay conference in Italy before the virus attack.
The number of people recovering from the country continues to increase, today this figure is more than the total number of Kovid cases in the country, active cases and total number of people who died due to this, and the percentage in five states
Vikas Dubey seated in police havan for crime control at Chaubepur police station, watch video
The disturbing news was received of the untimely demise of Shri Chetan Chauhan, a former international player, my colleague in the Cabinet. Lord Shree Rama, Shri Chouhan's family, give the power to bear this immense grief and give the departed soul a place at your Shri feet. Om Shanti
Previous governments had abolished PAC companies, Yogi ji has reinstated them.
If you are obsessed with casteist thinking, then you cannot be a nationalist, casteism is the biggest hurdle in the construction of Hindu nation ..
सही पोषण से... पहले दिन में सेहत बनायीं, हर माँ का शिशु चमक उठेगा I  देश का नाम रोशन करेगा, स्वस्थ रहेगा, खुश रहेगा  
ऐसे समय में जब पूरा चीन कोरोनावायरस से प्रभावित है, मुस्लिम एक फिट जीवन जी रहे हैं, किसी भी संक्रमण पीड़ित नहीं हैं। अभी तक उपरोक्त वायरस से कोई भी प्रभावित नहीं हुआ है। अटकलों पर विराम लगाने के लिए कि मुसलमान सुरक्षित क्यों हैं और वे वायरस से संक्रमित क्यों नहीं हुए हैं, राष्ट्रपति शी जिनपिंग ने मुस्लिम घरों में पैदल जाकर यह देखा कि वे क्या खाते हैं, और वे कौन सी आदतें अपनाते हैं। उन्होंने यह जानने के लिए मुस्लिम प्रतिनिधियों के साथ कुछ बैठकें कीं कि वे क्या खाते हैं और क्या करते हैं। यह सब जानने के बाद वह आश्चर्यचकित रह गए। उन्होंने भी घूमकर मुसलमानों की हलाल प्रथाओं का अवलोकन किया और पाया कि उनके खाने के तरीके दूसरों के मुकाबले सबसे स्वस्थ है।
UP: Kaushambi strangled to death after rape, accused injured in police encounter
A laborer will pay the fare of the metro, while a rich girl from Delhi will get rid of the fare. What is this policy? Arvind Kejriwal Is there any limit to your stupidity? Is it just a way to win free elections?
Now tomorrow should be dislike on Anjana's cry, Bodi is very strident
Weekly Horoscope Good times for zodiac signs till September, Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces zodiac signs should remain intact this week.
Rahul Gandhi lashed out at the Modi government for the financial crisis
Listen to what New Zealand leader Jasinda Kate Laurel Ardern, the new Prime Minister of New Zealand, says about Lord Krishna and Bhagavad Gita Jai ​​Sri Krishna
यही तो हैं अच्छे दिन  भगवान राम को काल्पनिक मानने वालें आज उनकी पूजा कर रहे हैं 
This time the masterstroke was only one and was held from eleven o'clock in the morning to evening.
सुशांत के पुराने साथी का खुलासा कोरियोग्राफर गणेश हेवरकर ने कहा रिया ने प्रियंका दीदी को इसलिए टारगेट किया क्योंकि वो सुशांत के बिजनेस डिसीजंस लेती थीं, वो उनकी नॉमिनी थीं
The Poshan Abhiyan is an ambitious scheme that strengthens India's fight against malnutrition. Balanced and nutritious food is necessary for women and newborn baby, this is the foundation of the future of our society.
Soon after Mr. Amit Shah became the Home Minister of India… Farooq Abdullah, after the appointment of Farooq Abdullah Amit Shah as the Home Minister, chanted 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai'
What changes in LPG cylinder prices from September 1, know the latest rate
Nicholas Pooran made Jamia's first century by raining sixes, set a record
चीन को खिलौने के खेल में कैसे हरा पाएगा भारत
I often think that if there were no Muslims and Pakistan in the country, many journalists would die of hunger.
But it is unprecedented, walking on the streets of Delhi, carrying guns, firing by people who claim that they are protesting against the CAA, if it is opposed to the CAA then they need to look into this fact What is the reality, the gunman shoots bullets….
फरीदाबाद पुलिस ने शहर के एक ओयो होटल में चल रहे कैसीनो का पर्दाफाश किया।
Indian Rupee weakens from Bangladeshi Taka for the first time in the year… 116 ₹ Two Bangladeshi Taka Take Master Stroke
The condition of the Congress has become like that man. Who does not even get a puri in the bhandare and slippers are stolen ..
Petrol pump operator shot dead in the parking lot of apartment in Jaipur in broad daylight, miscreants running from bike appeared in CCTV footage
Saif Ali Khan speaks wow wow wow in different tones in one breath, just because of this achievement he has been given the Padma Shri
माननीय मुख्यमंत्री जी के आवाहन पर शालीमार बाग की विधायिका जी और शालीमार बाग के कार्यकर्ता साथियों की ओर से आज ऑक्सीमीटर दिल्ली प्रदेश अध्यक्ष माननीय जी को भेंट किया।
The news is that Suresh Raina did not get a hotel room in mind. Due to which he was very angry. According to the news, Raina wanted a room exactly like Dhoni. There was not even a balcony in his room. Due to which this dispute increased and Raina finally left CSK.
WWE से बाहर हुए रिंग में तहलका मचाने वाले सुपरस्टार्स...
Big judge sir is not a holiday, if there is a note of money, then who can speak corruptly, who gets the hassle of taking holidays?
Farmers will get loans at affordable rates. See the accounts of the news related to the state, only at 30 pm daily on Doordarshan Hisar
क्या अमृतसर हादसे में डी.एम.यु ट्रेन चला रहे ड्राइवर का नाम इम्तियाज़ अली है ।
Journalist or congressman gazing at Aaj Tak today at Jammu and Kashmir airport
China troops again provoke action, India capable of stopping these efforts
   वर्षों में कांग्रेस अगर एक भी अच्छे अस्पताल वनवा लेते तो,  आज सोनिया गांधी को अमेरिका जाने की नोवत नहीं आती ।।।
Abe Modi ji's illegitimate child, India, is your father-in-law's country
All the women are being given hands-on freedom by Congress workers.
Only the youngster of the year can set the queen with a bluff, she was getting less love from her fat nowadays
Finance Minister paid tribute to former President
जम्मूकश्मीर और लद्दाख में इंटरनेट सेवाएं बंद की जा रही हैं।
गलती मोदी की नहीं जो देश को धोका दिया, गलती उन मूर्खों की है जिन्होंने मोदी को मौका दिया  क्वोट के नीचे भी प्रियंका चोपड़ा का नाम लिखा गया है 
देश के किसानों,गरीबों,मजदुरों व मध्यम वर्ग के सभी साथी मिलकर इस कुत्ती,कमीनी,गंदी,जुमली सरकार के खिलाफ आंदोलन शुरू कर दो नहीं तो ये मोदी देश को गुलाम बना रहा है।तानाशाही से लोकतंत्र की हत्या करके जशन मनायेगें।जिन्दा गाड दो इस कुत्ते को।
क्या लिखोगे गॉड से सावरकर में समलैंगिक संबंध था यह लिखना चाहते हो
मुझे भी कोई मोर की व्यवस्था कर दे। मानव प्रेम रहा नही तो उसी की सेवा करने की शुरुवात करूँ।
Kovid in country rises by 19 percent
Bengaluru-based company Happiest Minds has lifted its shutter, should investors invest in this issue
कोल इंडिया लिमिटेड 24 तक परियोजनाओं में दशमलव दोदो लाख करोड रुपये से अधिक निवेश करेगा व अन्य समाचार ाचारप्रभात
Need to learn from Indore and fix waste management in your city Prakash Javadekar
्नावरेपकांड के दोषी विधायक कुलदीप सिंह सेंगर को मिली जमानत। जिस जज ने जमानत दिया है,अगर पीड़िता उसी जज की बेटी होती, तो भी वह जज जमानत दे देता क्या इस हैवान ने पूरे खानदान को मार डाला, फिर भी उस जज को तरस नहीं आया जिसने जमानत दे दी।
भारतचीन के बीच चल रहे सीमा विवाद में, भ भक्त भारत के साथ और.. च चमचे चीन के साथ खड़े हुए हैं..
Riya Chakraborty's big confession in front of NCB Yes I used to ask my brother for drugs
Drunken youth lashes at women, lynching women in public, video of women beating viral, Khaspur case of Bilhaur Kotwali. Rikre
रिजर्व बैंक ऑफ इंडिया RBI ने रुपए, रुपए, रुपए, रुपए, रुपए, रुपए और रुपए के नए सिक्के लॉन्च किए हैं।
Once a legend said that as long as there is cinema in Sala Hindustan, people will continue to become Chutiya Ramadir Sing
Test kits purchased by ICMR at inflated prices
रिपब्लिक पोल नाम के एक नकली ट्विटर अकाउंट अपने विवादास्पद पोल के कारण नेटिज़न्स के गुस्से का शिकार बन रहा है। पत्रकारों सहित कई ट्विटर यूज़र इस अकाउंट को चैनल का आधिकारिक अकाउंट मान रहे हैं।
In easy language, "If I am trapped, brother, you see yourself." In the language of little sense, if you get caught in a legal mess by your act, then it will blow your content, will stop your account.
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति श्री प्रणब मुखर्जी की याद में रहेगा सात दिन का राजकीय शोक से तक लागू रहेगा, जिसमें दोनों दिन शामिल रहेंगे
Where has Anna Hazare died, you are dying Prasad of Haryana Punjab, you are sleeping comfortably on the road, Kamini Ramdev is with you, the thief does not see where the people who distributed lakh rupees have stopped and the public is asking you so much Shoes still never fall on you again in life
After all, why the Congress government in Pakistan, a terrorist country like India, wants all Indians to consider Ratan Tata
बिहार के वरिष्ठ IAS आर के महाजन होंगे BPSC के नए अध्यक्ष, विभाग ने जारी की अधिसूचना की रिपोर्ट
One thing to ask was that the earth itself is spinning or it is also rotating by Binod itself ..
Keshavanand Bharti, the petitioner for the constitution amendment, which decided the boundaries of Parliament, died on Sunday morning. They were old. On his petition, the bench of judges gave the principle of basic structure of the constitution and said that it cannot be changed by amending the constitution.
केरल में CPI M का वर्षीय बुड्ढा नेता ोइनुद्दीनकुट्टी साल की िन्दुदलितबच्ची से दुष्कर्म करते पकड़ा गया है, यह सुन कर कठुआ पर बावेला मचाने वाले तमाम सेकुलर हिंदू और वामपंथी शायद कोमा में चले गए हैं,, बॉलीवुड की उन तीनों हिरोईनों को पता नहीं शर्म आई कि नहीं 
To suppress the noise of GDP by showing more. Will remember it for centuries.
The Haryana government has made a provision of Rs. Crore under various schemes for scheduled caste farmers in FY 21.
Railways to run special trains for students taking NEETJEE exam from September, see full list via
There will be a new fatwa in Darul Uloom Deoband, it is forbidden to offer prayers in the mosque of Dubai
लाख योनियों में भटकने के बाद वोट डालने का अधिकार मिलता हैं,, कृपया इसे सुतिया राहुल गांधी को देकर व्यर्थ न करें 
At Rahul Gandhi's rally, people only go to see if they are really stupid, or edit videos of BJP.
Uddhav Thackeray devastated Kangana's illegal office by doing surgical strike, blind devotee is in shock and Kangana can go mad anytime…
Kejriwal government will provide ration at home to all card holders from January.
Instructions have been given to take effective action in connection with the incident with Honorable MLA in Aligarh district. The police station concerned has been suspended. ASP Rural is being transferred. IG Aligarh has been instructed to provide data in this regard by tomorrow.
Sushant death case: why two ambulances reached Sushant's house on June, the driver himself revealed
Do not stop the storm that arises for the country for your sake, such a storm has come after many years.
बच्चे पैदा करते हैं कहते हैं अल्लाह की देन है और जब भूखे मरते हैं तो कहते हैं मोदी की देन है है ना अजब तमाशा और पशुओं सा जीवन अपने ही घर को आग मे झोकते हे संख्या बल की ताक़त से समाज और सरकार को आंख दिखाते हैं
Corona is only for selected teacher candidates. Transportation is also closed for them. Coronavirus does not come in big political gatherings. They are very sensible or your bogus policy.
रिया ने सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की बहन प्रियंका के खिलाफ शिकायत दर्ज कराई। दे रहे हैं ज़्यादा जानकारी 
Rupee increases gold price, silver becomes expensive
केरल के वित्तमंत्री डॉ. टी.एम. थॉमस ोविड19 से संक्रमित पाए गए हैं।
The pain of the Kashmiri brothers is the pain of the whole Ummte Muslima, but regret is the silence of those who trend on every political issue but today they did not see this trend
ये ऐसा छोटे बच्चो के साथ करते है, खिलौना तोडा तो अगली बार ला के नहीं देंगे। ये तो पढ़ा लिखा है ना। उठा के बाहर फेंक देना चाहिए साले को
Gangwar Historyheater was stabbed to death with a knife, used to involve young boys in gangs, and even asked for contact on social media
चोर है धूर्त है कमीना है जैचंद है नाटकबाज है
प्रेमी के धोखाधड़ी से आहत प्रेमिका ने फांसी लगाकर की आत्महत्या, युवक ने प्रेमिका को शादी के लिए टरकाया, युवक ने शादी के लिए लाख रूपए की मांगने की, प्रेमी को कोर्ट बुलाकर खुद नहीं पहुंचता था युवक, नौबस्ता के केशव नगर का मामला।
Please provide a brief description of your problem with the police station.
दिल्ली बीजेपी ने नए जिला अध्यक्ष बनाये,उसमे दलित amp पूर्वांचली। पूर्वांचलियों की आबादी amp दलितों की  है।लगभग  वालों को पद amp47 वालों को ।
Our Ayodhya is ready for August, every house will be saffron, Ram kingdom will come again Jai Shri Ram
PMCARE Fund is not a public authority, so I do not apply. Means private trust. It takes months for registration of trust society, income tax rebate, etc. Donation is found years later. Then how did PMCARE get crores from the government undertaking in the day. Meaning there is no law for Modi ji.
If the nation is a body, religion is its soul, the body keeps changing, but the soul is indestructible; the destruction of the soul is called apocalypse. The part of India, which is believed to be eternal, is separated from the body of the nation, consider itself Jai Hind. Everywhere Shiva
In childhood, householders used to scare .. Bearded Baba would bring the bag and carry everything .. Did you know that at this age he…
हिंदू देवी देवताओं पर अभद्र टिप्पणी करने वाली हीर खान पर FIR दर्ज, फरार। जब भी ये लोग ऐसा करते हैं तो मुझे अपने िन्दूधर्म पर गर्व होता है। मेरे धर्म की सच्चाईमजबूती ही इनकी नाराजगी का कारण है। इन्हें अपने धर्म पर गर्व होता तो ये दूसरों को गाली न देते।
After giving the exam, the student told her experience report Anoop Pandey
क्या कोई धर्म या कोई मजहब ऐसा करने की इजाजत देता है जाहिल गवार लोग एक बुजुर्ग आदमी की इज्जत उछा रहे हैं इंसान की सबसे बड़ी दौलत है और ताकत उसकी इज्जत होती है और अखलाक से बड़ा कोई मोहब्बत नहीं लेकिन एक जाहिल गवार लोग नहीं समझ सकते तुम मुसलमान हो तुम सुकून से नहीं जी सकते तुम्हारी इज्जत लूटी जाएगी तुम्हें मार दी जाएगी कल रात मेरी आंखें कहते हुए रोई भारत के मुसलमानों की आवाज सुने कोई  Sic 
Communist Party leaders rallied in Delhi after the Indian Army shot down five Chinese soldiers. It is very bad luck.
UP: Case of car driver killed in Ghaziabad, four people arrested
शुरू हो गया लालू यादव की पार्टी RJD में बवाल, रघुवंश प्रसाद सिंह के समर्थकों ने ये बड़ा कदम उठाया रिपोर्टः
कंगना रनौत के ऑफिस पहुंचे बीएमसी कर्मचारी, अभिनेत्री ने कहा मेरा सपना टूटने का वक्त आ गया है
ीवनसंवाद खुद को जानना हो, तो लोगों की आंखों में छवि का मोह छोड़ना पड़ेगा. दूसरों की ओर देखना बंद करना होगा. मन अपने प्रकाश से आलोकित होना चाहिए. चंद्रमा की तरह सबका काम दूसरे के उजाले से नहीं चल सकता
Who is saying that the recruitment process is stalled in the state? If you are recruiting from the Congress to the BJP… maybe that is why we chose them .. and they give lathi and arrest those who seek employment.
Supreme Court can sentence Prashant Bhushan in contempt case today
Goa was to be a parcel via Delhi
 सही कहा भाई, बॉडी तो नहीं जलाते, पर देश जलाते हैं।। जहां जिसकी पत्तल में खाते, उसमें भी छेद कर जाते हैं।। …
मोदी जी बने पहले प्रधानमंत्री जिनके रहते साल में पहली बार बंगलादेशी टका से रुपया कमजोर हुआ , ₹ दो ओर बंगलादेशी टका लो 
 नोएडा TI से उनके का सिपाही अपने ही महकमें के अघिकारियोंमसे सिपाही परेशान, TI राम रतन पर शोषण करने का आरोप, वीडियो मैसेज भेजकर अफसरों से की शिकायत,ट्रैफिक के ग्रुप में वीडियो डालकर की शिकायत,TI राम रतन के साथ ड्यूटी न लगाने की गुहार
Can you Tweet Sushant's life? Check your opinion with Taal Thok at 55 PM
JEE, NEET, NDA will run special trains for the candidates from two to September.
IIT Bombay launches a CamScanner as an alternative to the Chinese app
This fight is meant to smooth the examination process, not for politics or rebellion. Popular
भाई तेरी माँ को औक़ात में रख साली हरामी थाली की बात करती है अरे तेरी ये बूढ़ी को जिसने इतनी बड़ी मदद की थी अमर सिंघजी उनके साथ क्या किया थाजो अब भोंक रही है साली हरामी,मक्कार,ग़द्दार,वाहियात,कुत्ती कमीनी।
Things like China dazed by industrial and food crisis
SSP एस चिनप्पा ने किया निरीक्षण, पीएसी के पदों के लिए सत्यापन, रिजर्व पुलिस लाइन में किया निरीक्षण।
Two terrorists arrested after encounter in Delhi
India's GDP fell and Ambani's income increased, for whom PM Modi is working
Really, good days have come today, you will reap as you sow
K players have recovered from Corona.
I only have a stake in thirteen thousand crores, the rest is from the Congress leaders, so the haramzadas are afraid of Modi. Nirav Modi gave a statement against the BJP and Congress
New COVID19 case filed in India in last hour, coronavirus killed
Ram's excuse, spreading hate work, why the Ram from Bengal to UP will be happy with the force of Jai by force with Ram Ridhaswal this evening.
The Chief Minister has also instructed the District Magistrates that necessary action should be taken to prevent polluted waterborne vector fly, mosquito borne diseases, Relief Commissioner, Shri Sanjay Goyal
ALE  एलएसी पर वर्ग किमी. इलाक़े में चीन का कब्ज़ा
The central government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has drastically reduced budgetary allocation for higher education.
Such Dalits are maligning Bollywood, who do not have any status in Bollywood, not a single film is not a hit, but they are defaming Bollywood together, they need to work to create a Dal identity. There will be no name or shoes
My grandfather was a major in the army and he used to get pension as well, the grandfather is no longer there, but if I get my nose from my grandfather, will I get a major job in the army ..
प्रदेश में ईसंजीवनी पोर्टल का लगातार प्रयोग किया जा रहा है। कल लोगों ने ईसंजीवनी पोर्टल का प्रयोग करते हुए डाॅक्टरों से सलाह ली ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
Today gold becomes expensive again, learn September rate
BMC raided Kangana's office before Y category security reached Mumbai
You will remember that this news was well known during the month of Ramadan, Hindu daughters named Shivani and Riya gave the example of Hindu-Muslim unity. Oh, why did you say that Shivani kept Roza first, today, the religious husband of this Shivani has paid off. All Ganga Jamuni Tehzeeb went out of the backyard. Love Jihad had happened to Shivani from religion, now it is expected that soon Riya too should not be surprised if any such photo comes.
On August, GDP figures have come. First quarter of FY21. Means April May And the figures are intimidating. G. Minus twenty three zero percent
पड़ोसी राज्यों के लोग भी कराना चाहते है दिल्ली में इलाज। स्वास्थ्य सेवा में सबसे बेहतर केजरीवाल।
You have earned a lot of money by selling black tickets of Bhau Shree, and talking about the dark days, you are not ashamed.
Death rate in Corona country declines, but reached, less than one lakh cases in the country so far
Lockdown down all rules paun gharatalya gharat lagna karanalya jodapyala yanni stylya dilya aubhachheka A couple decided to get married at their home without violating any rules, hence the Nashik police congratulated them in their own way.
महाराष्ट्र में घर खरीदना होगा सस्ता, डिस्काउंटेड रेट पर होगी मकानों की रजिस्ट्री via
Congratulations to the people of Delhi. On the one hand, where electricity rates are increasing year after year across the country, in Delhi for the sixth consecutive year electricity rates were not increased and in some areas, rates were also reduced. It is historical. This is happening because you formed an honest government in Delhi.
अंधभक्तों सालो ये बताओ कुलदीप सिंह सेंगर को जमानत क्यू मिली  अब तो साफ समझ में आ रहा की बलात्कारी जनता पार्टी लॉकडाउन करके कांड कर रही है जो को बिना तालाबंदी के सम्भव नहीं था
Your post is very bad
जैसे कमाने के बाद N95 मास्क बेकार घोषित हो गया। वैसे ही कमाई के बाद सेनेटाइजर, हैंडवाश और immunity booster दवायें भी बेअसर घोषित हो जाएंगी। फिर वैक्सीन से कमाने का दौर शुरू होगा। आप डर बनाये रखिये और हम बाजार बनाये रखते हैं।World Horror Organization WHOहमेशा आपके डर के साथ है
Do you know the first in India Sauri Babu Edwina spoke to Lehru ji, because Lehru ji was also a big knotty ..
ोना की आड़ में ंगतस्करीव्यापार चल रहा है क्या ृतशरीर की पैकेजिंग की वीडियो क्यूं नही बनाते
 क्या ड्रग्स वाली जांच अब नेताओं तक पहुंच गई है, इसीलिए सवाल पूछने वालों को रोका जा रहा है देखिए पूछता है भारत अर्नब के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
This is the same day with Hulagandhi who was rescuing and hurling profanity at the security forces who were throwing stones at the rioters. Seeing this photo with Rahul, one thing became clear that the riots have happened in a well planned manner with the connivance of the Congress and the party. Today the whole country is seeing how many traitors are in our midst.
Former Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi meets CM Nitish amidst electoral stir
It is called going to fill the form, tear your eyes and see the lion's movement, the slogan of Atal Bihari Amarrahe is clearly heard
हिंदुओं के प्रति महाराष्ट्र सरकार बहरी हो चुकी है जल्द ही एक बड़े आंदोलन करना होगा बाहरी हो गई है
संजय राउत ने शिवसेना की अच्छी खासी हैसियत को, कौड़ी की औकात में बदल दिया सरकारी तंत्र का इससे घटिया इस्तेमाल पहले कभी नहीं देखा होगा.
Muzaffarpur district of Bihar. Here the body of a one year old man hanged on the noose for three days. When the room smelled, his sister called the police. The door of the room was broken, then it was found that the man had died.
व्हाट्सएप मैसेज में को आयुष्मान भारत योजना की आधिकारिक वेबसाइट बताकर फैलाया जा रहा है।
मोतिहारी रेलवे स्टेशन पर कल किलो कुत्ते का मास पकडा गया जो जयसवाल, बच्चन, और मोतिहारी की होटल मे सप्ल्य किया जा रहा था।
Muslims showing Sikhs against the Citizenship Amendment Bill, showing fake propaganda
Kamina's game with Kamina will now be played only then you will be calm. Had seen it in Mumbai, now it will be found everywhere. The color of the jackal has been recognized.
को गौरव आर्या में मिले थे.
Good governance Babu in his virtual election speeches, Sushant Singh Rajput is taking credit for the CBI investigation of suicide, yet he…
प्रणब मुखर्जीः इंदिरा गांधी के क़रीबी जिनकी राजीव गांधी से नहीं बनी
In Maharashtra, the hooliganism of the autopsy by the Congress is being spread only through Fake Pride.
योगी जी का नया पोल्ट्री फार्म यूपी में.  ये तरीके अत्यधिक निंदनीय हैं। पुलिस को या तो जुर्माना लगाना चाहिए या ऐसे पुलिस वीडियो को अपलोड करना चाहिए।
Kovid 19 Hospital in India is filmed at Kovid 19 Hospital in India In this video, Vervet monkeys are seen stealing food from a hospital ward where patients are seen protecting themselves from them.
Ministry of Rural Development has issued applications for the posts of Panchayat and District Council under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana
बहुत मुश्किल से ये फोटो मिला हैं जवाहरलाल नेहरु. इंद्रा गांधी के ससुर युनुस खान इंद्रा गांधी. के पति फिरोज खान
Raghuram Rajan said that it seems that the government has become limited in itself
दिल्ली की एक कोर्ट ने आसाराम बापू पर आधारित एक किताब के प्रकाशन पर रोक लगा दी है. किताब का नाम Gunning for the Godman The True Story Behind Asaram Bapu’s Conviction है, जिसे आईपीएस अधिकारी अजय लांबा ने लेखक संजीव माथुर के साथ मिलकर लिखा है.
Why did Sandeep Singh answer to the ambulance driver carrying Sushant's body?
What about them, Modiji? They care less about your request, appeal. Will they face the law, because they do not voluntarily obey the law. Any idea, where is the photo of.
Friends now start supporting unemployed youth to support Rt. 9 minutes
The Union Home Minister said that the death of former President, Bharat Ratna Shri, is very sad for the whole country "Pranab da continued to work like Pranav in the horizon of Indian politics for many decades".
चलेगा बुल्डोजर तो आएगा वाड्रा का मकान भी जद में.. यहां अवैध सिर्फ कंगना का मकान थोड़ी है.
मप्र के सीएम, नौ मंत्री और विधायकों को घेर चुका कोरोना, फिर भी बढ़ रहीं सियासी गतिविधियां
यूपी आज से चलेगी नोएडा मेट्रो, यात्रा के लिए इन शर्तों का करना होगा पालन
News of death of Congress leader spread before by-election in Madhya Pradesh, video had to be given proof of being alive
यह विडियो पिपलेश्वर महादेव मंदिर मोछाल  सिरोही  का है हर रोज ये चीता परिवार मन्दिर के सेवक को अपना समझ कर उनके साथ सो जाते हैं।
Projects approved for development of integrated cold chain and value addition structure
Maharashtra Home Minister Anil Deshmukh has said that matters related to Sandeep, his connection to Bollywood, to BJP will be thoroughly investigated.
Only cows are safe under Modi's rule and not someone's mother and sister ...
Samsung's dominance in the premium smartphone market this year via
No party in Bihar is in a position to form a government by winning elections on its own.
प्रदेश के कन्टेनमेंट जोन में लोगों को चिन्हित किया गया है। इन कन्टेनमेंट जोन में कोरोना पॉजिटिव लोगों की संख्या तथा इंस्टीट्यूशनल क्वारंटीन किए गए लोगों की संख्या है ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
नीतीश कुमार का सुशासन पानी में तैर रहा है। मुजफ्फरपुर, भागलपुर, बिहार शरीफ और पटना को स्मार्ट सिटी बनाने की लिए चुना गया था जो आज भी बरसात के पानी जलभराव से परेशान है। बिहार का संकल्प, बदलाव ही विकल्प।
Nasiruddin Shah has also been reported to be ill. It seems that the always crowded artists are not able to withstand the lockdown.
   लगता है कल सुबह फिर से SurgicalStrike का सीधा प्रसारण देखने को मिलेगा POK में कोई बादल नहीं होगा कोई रडार से गायब नहीं…
कंगना रनौत का ऑफिस अगर अवैध रूप से बना है। तो को पूरा अधिकार है इसे तोड़ने का।
कर्ज की किस्तें टालने का मामला। केंद्र सरकार ने सुप्रीम कोर्ट में कहा RBI सर्कुलर के अनुसार शर्तें पूरा करने वालों का साल तक बढ़ सकता है मोरटोरियम। मामले पर कोर्ट कल फिर करेगा सुनवाई।
Biryani is cooked in separate dishes for Muslims and Hindus. For Hindus, tablets are added to Biryani which can make you impotent. A restaurant named Masha Allah of Rehman Bismillah in Coimbatore was caught selling such biryani. Be careful they are trying to reach you in every way.
Not only Pangong but China is also seeking a strategic edge over chicken neck
All this is worthless even with the dogs of the street.
ये देखो शांतिदूतों द्वारा क्या हो रहा है, खाना लूटो और उसे खराब कर दो  किसी गरीब को खाना ना पहुँचने दो, ताकि सरकार बदनाम हो और गरीब भूखा मरे  कैसी कौम है ये 
Congress leader creates ruckus after TV star wearing sports bra, now apologizes after ruckus
इंग्लैंड को जीतने के लिए रनों का लक्ष्य
Vikas Dubey, the killer of eight policemen, was once an integral part of the UP government and was also supposed to sit up with the current Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. CBI should investigate UP police murder case
Are there many more test kits to test the corona
I have not been afraid to kill a threatened child. I am not afraid to inform you. I am poor, not weak. The day the attack took place, Modi's father will not be able to save him. Can send me to jail on a false charge, he does not know where to attack
On the other hand, some journalists have expressed their displeasure that they made a video of peacocks being pimped out, and did not even take photos of us while adding pimple. Khukhad
The domineering demolished the house of the young man for occupying the land, the police did not reach even after the complaint, the victim made a request in the SP office, the case of Oran village of Bisanda police station.
It is necessary for sanitary workers to keep proper identification cards along with things to remember during Ovid 19. Wash uniform or duty clothes daily. Take regular bath after duty ends.
Company name but photo and name of Goddess Goddess. These people get such courage because Hindus never oppose. The foolish Hindu is the same guilty who uses it
अमेरिका के राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने कहा है कि कोरोना वायरस की रोकथाम के लिए ‘एस्ट्राजेनेका’ द्वारा विकसित टीका परीक्षण के तीसरे चरण में पहुंच गया है
मेरे सिर के पीछे तरफ भी एक टीक था, पर कभी घमंड नही किया,जितना ब्लू टिक वाले करते है.... 
Patra trying to change the father after seeing the current state of the country: Shutra
Under the UPA government, India's economy was the third in the world to run faster and now it has reached the number one position. Devout Mast
केन्द्रीय गृह मंत्री ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति, भारत रत्न के निधन पर गहरा दुख व्यक्त कर कहा “प्रणब दा बहुत ही अनुभवी नेता थे और उन्होने पूरी निष्ठा के साथ राष्ट्र की सेवा की विवरण 
त्वरित सहायता हेतु कृपया डायल करें,
Market cap of top 10 companies increased by more than Rs. Lakh crores via
.......... and he is India's biggest bastard.
. Congratulations to all the newly appointed Regional Presidents of the State on achieving important responsibilities. You are all full of potential and talent. I am confident that all of you will prove useful in keeping the organization strong. Pray to Lord Shree Rama to find your path.
भारी जवानी में आडवाणी बन गए कुमार विश्वास कोई बात नहीं अपने आप को हारे हुए महसूस मत कीजिएगा समय के साथ सब बदलेगी
Confused Meetu accused Anu Malik to enter Bigg Boss house, after Aamir Ali, Singer accepts
Is the exam just a job that wants to end, this government is for whose benefit, this system is the right of every citizen, stop selling it like other companies.
A woman and a male constable shot themselves in the campus of BMP, Bihar Military Police in Patna
The matter between India and China in the Ladakh sector does not seem to be calming. According to the latest report, there has been a clash between the soldiers of India and China once again. On the night of 30 August this year, India and China got caught up near Pangong Lake.
If senior citizens are alone at home, call Mumbai Police's number.
कश्मीर में प्रसाद बंटना शुरू हो गया है।
की शुरुआत में हर्षद मेहता कांड और प्रतिभूति घोटाला सामने आ गया. इस मामले पर खूब सियासी उठापटक हुई और इसी उठापटक के दौरान वाणिज्य राज्य मंत्री स्वतंत्र प्रभार पी. चिदंबरम ने अपने पद से इस्तीफा दे दिया. हालांकि उन पर कोई सीधा आरोप नही था.
. Made CRED an official sponsor. Praised by ...
Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has no vaccine available for Kovid 19 yet. The most effective solution we have is to test as many people as possible.
Technological upgrade is necessary for self-sufficiency in modern equipment. There is also a need to work on preparing the next generation of the devices that are being made today. For this, apart from DRDO, work is being done in private sector and academic institutions also.
The body of former President Pranab Mukherjee is being taken for the last rites.
Security forces in Kashmir found three hideouts of terrorist organization Jaishmohammed
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी का वर्ष की उम्र में निधन, बॉलीवुड की कई हस्तियों ने जताया दुख
The allegations of sexual harassment by the friend of Sushant were denied by Sandeep Singh, sent a letter from the Mauritius Police on social media.
When the rain comes, the channel shows the girls, when the results come, the girls show, if the match is coming, the girls show. Boys come on TV only when the gang selling gangs has to be shown, my lord.
यूपी प्रदेश में खुल जाएंगे बार और क्लब, सरकार ने जारी किया आदेश, इन नियमों का करना होगा पालन
दाएं घोड़ा बाए घोड़ा, बीच में भेन का लौ 
कोरोना वायरस संक्रमण के कारण पाबंदियों को देखते हुए यह फैसला लिया गया है 
जमशेदपुर  जेईई मेन परीक्षा  राज्य में जेईई मेन परीक्षा में कोरोना बचाव को लेकर सोशल डिस्टेसिंग तथा अन्य सभी एहतियाती उपायों पर दिखा अमल , सैनिटाइजेशन का भी रखा गया ख़ास ख्याल , पेपर्स पर स्टूडेंट्स की दिखी मिली जुली राय
मि. अपने प्रमाणपत्रों में घोषित िता ाठाशेरबालासाहब की ये बातें ध्यान से सुन और फिर बता कि तू किसकी ाद है क्योंकि ऐसे ापुरुष की असली औलाद कितनी भी बिगड़ जाय तेरे जितनी ीनी तो कदापि नहीं हो सकती
अखाड़ा परिषद की बैठक में प्रस्ताव पास अयोध्या में राम मंदिर के बाद काशीमथुरा की मुक्ति का आंदोलन
अरे साले दोगले की पैदाइश तुम्हारे अंदर इतनी औकात कहा है की तुम कर सको तुम्हारे मां बाप ने संस्कार यही दिया है की कही अपना गुंडई दिखा देना साले झुठे किसान हितैषी।
The Ministry of Home Affairs has issued the guidelines for Unlock 4 on Saturday and has allowed the Metro Rail service to start in a systematic manner from September. However, schools, colleges and other educational institutions will remain closed.
रिया चक्रवर्ती अगर भाजपा की सदस्यता ले लें तो फ़ौरन जाँच amp मीडिया ट्रायल ख़त्म हो जाएगा।
Ravin has also served as an International Relations Officer at the Special Coordinator's Office in Haiti in Washington.
Vidisha Madhya Pradesh, the parliamentary constituency of External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, is in a bad state
अयोध्या को सजाने और संवारने में जुटी योगी सरकार, दिखेगा वैदिक और स्मार्ट सिटी का समन्वय
कौवों की संख्या इतनी ज्यादा है कि लोग डर के मारे अपनी गाड़ियों से बाहर नहीं निकल रहे। ये वीडियो सऊदी अरब का है।
What the hell is happening
Babur's army has always attacked innocent and unarmed people ... this has nothing to do with Shiv Sena ..
सिद्धार्थ पिठानी ने बताया है कि अपनी पूर्व मैनेजर दिशा सालियान की मौत की खबर से काफी परेशान हो गए थे।
Sushant case live: CBI is interrogating Riya Chakraborty's parents
Did a successful test of completely built indigenously on Monday, know what is its specialty
Mathura: A case registered against a girl gang-raped after being abducted on the pretext of lift
नेपाल वो देश है जिसने भारत को संकट ना आए इसलिए अपने बहादुर लोगों को इन्डियन आर्मी में भेज दिया और आज हम उसी देश को संकट में डाल रहे हैं ,शर्म की बात है  अनुपम खेर
Modi ji's mad dogs were in position. If you have courage, do not show anything and do not bark like a dog.
अब कोई भी राज्य बिना केंद्र सरकार की इजाज़त के अलग से लॉकडाउन नहीं लगा सकता. अंतर्राष्ट्रीय एयर ट्रैवल अभी भी बिना की इजाज़त के संभव नहीं.
RJD leader Sanjay Singh rages on Darbhanga MP
उप्र के कुशीनगर में मॉब लिचिंग शिक्षक की हत्या कर बदमाश ने पुलिस के सामने सरेंडर करने की कोशिश की, मगर भीड़ ने लाठीडंडे से पीटपीट कर मार डाला
Weekend lockdown ends in UP, now markets will be closed on Sunday only
बाढ़ के हालात और ख़तम होते राशन को देख कर शी जिनपिंग ने चीनी लोगों को खाना संभलकर खाने को कहा है खाना खराब करने वाले को हो सकता है जुर्माना या जेल
Amitabh Bachchan is a board member of Radiant Life Care Pvt Ltd.
The education of the country has a great importance in building a self-reliant India, in building a modern India, in building a new India, in building a prosperous and prosperous India. With this thinking, the country has got a new national education policy
फिर से हजारी हुआ सोना, जानिए अब क्या हो गई नई कीमत via
Actress accuses MP husband of habitual drunkenness and domestic violence, demands compensation of crores
Just like the news channels Hindu Muslims do day and night, in the same way you find Hindu Muslim Angels in every article of the film Critics, leaving the Chola of the film Critic, when the political analyst became the BJP spokesperson was not known.
Look at his mentality, Amit Shah is celebrating his coronation by taking out his funeral procession ..
पहली बार इन मुस्लिम लड़कों को सब्जीफ्रूट बेचते देखा। अब क्योंकि कोरोनावायरस फैल रहा है। तीन चार दिन से मैं न्यूज देख रहा हूं कि तब्लीगी जमात के लड़के क्वारेंटाइन में नहीं रहना चाहते हैं और भागना चाहते हैं। तो एक शंका पैदा होती है कि क्या वे भागकर हिंदू एरिया में जाकर कोरोना फैलाना चाहते हैं। आज मैंने साल में पहली बार इन लोगों को फ्रूट और सब्जी बेचते देखा। शंका तब पैदा हुई जब एक टेम्पो वाला रुपए के दो किलो प्याज बेच रहा था। शंका हुई कि यह सस्ता क्यों बेच रहा है। कोरोना बीमारी चल रही है अभी ज्यादा पैसे लेना है। तीन चार दिन से ऐसे वीडियो वायरल हो रहे हैं जिसमें मुस्लिम जो सब्जी बेच रहे हैं वो थूक लगाकर बेच रहे हैं। इसलिए शंका पैदा हो रही है। मैं अपने सभी हिंदू भाईयों को आगाह करना चाहता हूं। हम सबको एक होना पड़ेगा। हम एक हो जावें। अलर्ट हो जाएं। ये बहुत सेंसेटिव मामला है इसलिए मैं वीडियो नहीं बना रहा हूं सिर्फ ऑडियो बना रहा हूं।
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad wrote to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Facebook India team accused of discriminating on the basis of political ideology.
HC reprimands officers for missing BHU student from police custody, ultimatum of CBI probe
Demand for early hearing to stop mediation on Ayodhya dispute. The Supreme Court sought a report on the progress made so far by Justice Kalifulla, Chairman of the Arbitration Committee. The court said that if the chairman of the committee feels it is right to stop the arbitration, then the hearing will be held from July.
अभिनेता ऋषि कपूर का निधन उनके परिवार एवं उनके चाहनेवालों के लिए अत्यंत दुखद है परंतु फिर भी अभी के कोरोनावायरस के हालातों को देखते हुए, ख़ासकर मुंबई के हालातों को देखकर, उनके अंतिम संस्कार के लिए इतनी भीड़ करना क्या ठीक था किसी भी अभिनेता ने मास्क्स नहीं पहने थे। यह सिलेब्रिटी मीडिया के माध्यम से सबको घर पर रहने के, बाहर ना निकलने के लिए, मास्क पहन्ने के लिए अनुरोध करते है….
This is why the BJP people with RSS are discussing their daughter's relationship with the Chinese soldier. Be careful, the daughter's relationship will be linked to this. You will also be told by the traitor and the Chinese agent.
केंद्रीय मंत्री ने भिवाड़ी में प्रौद्योगिकी केंद्र टीसी का उद्घाटन किया नए टीसी बहुतजल्द ही स्थापित किए जाएंगे साथ ही कहा भारत को विनिर्माण केंद्र बनाने के लिए कुशल जनशक्ति बहुत आवश्यक है
पूर्वी लद्दाख में एलएसी पर तनाव के लिए ने को जिम्मेदार ठहराया है।
Rashid was in touch with officials of the Pakistani intelligence agency ISI and had also visited Pakistan twice.
पूर्व विधायक निर्वेन्द्र मुन्ना की हत्या का मामला, मुन्ना के घर लोगों का आनाजाना शुरू हुआ, पूरे गांव को पुलिस ने छावनी में तब्दील किया, कई थानों की फोर्स को गांव में की गई तैनात, संपूर्णानगर के त्रिकोलिया का मामला।
अब क्या करें बिहारी तुम्हारी बहनें लamp लेने के लिए यिनी बेचैन रहती हैं कि टॉयलेट में जाना ही पड़ता है
The houses of Hindus are being burnt by thousands of Muslims in Telinipara and Chandannagar in Hooghly in Chimbungal… Dalit Hindu women have come on the streets… Police administration is with all Muslims .. The entire state is occupied by Muslims
Training is of great importance, never underestimate training. We have reduced the training so much, which is at the root of all the problems of good governance and we have to come out of it.
What is worrying about women and how to express your rights over it
The name is enough for the Dalli police, what will the video do to make the accused, then the order is also rung, while the social media is full of videos of Tahir Hussain and the police's own suspicious role regarding the Delhi sponsored riots
केंद्र सरकार ने स्पष्टीकरण जारी किया. कहा है कि भारत सरकार की नौकरियों में खाली पद भरने को लेकर पाबंदी नहीं लगाई गई है. वित्त मंत्रालय की तरफ से कहा गया कि ‘सामान्य भर्तियां’ बग़ैर किसी रोक के होंगी और पोस्ट भरने में कोई रोक या बैन नहीं है.
The first International Clean Air Day for Blue Sky is being celebrated worldwide today
Today, the media is very confused, Riya's Drugs connection has to be shown ... It is very unfair, not to tell, not to play the plate .... What is this sound coming from above, I come to the mind Not in ...
BMC has wrongly captured my office. Kangana Ranaut has opened her office in POK, so what can BMC do in this…
जहां ोरोना का संक्रमण नहीं है वहां लोगों को क्या एहतियात रखनी है    
Congratulations to all on Onam's holy festival. The festival of Onam is a symbol of our rich cultural heritage. Also, it is also an opportunity to show gratitude to nature on the arrival of new crop. On this occasion, we help the needy people and follow all the guidelines for prevention of Kovid 19.
Kangana's retaliation on Sanjay Raut when Aamir Khan said a fearful thing in India, then someone ...
यह गुजरात की तस्वीर है, जहां लॉकडाउन तोड़ा गया
Disliked the road and brought it on the road so angry. Liberals, Bollywood mafia is burnt. That's why Modi is dislocating the video of Mann Ki Baat. Keep doing the government is not going to fall
Heart wrenching incident. There is a video of Jillirabad of Delhi, Delhi Police is releasing chemical gas in the houses of Muslims, due to which the condition of small innocent children is very bad. Shame at least take care of these children.
केंद्रीय मंत्री अनुराग ठाकुर दावा करते हैं की उन्होंने कभी, देश के गद्दारों को गोली मारों सालों को नारा नहीं लगाया
The source also indicated that Raina had also violated the biobubble. After this, Raina may also be out of the proposed IPL season in April. It may also happen that Dulare Raina of Chennai is no longer seen in the famous yellow jersey again.
प्रधानमंत्री ने शहरों की हवा को स्वच्छ करने की बात कही में मोदी जी ने पर्यावरण को प्राथमिकता दी उन्होंने हवा के प्रदूषण को समस्या समझकर उस पर काम किया प्रकाश जावडेकर
उत्तर प्रदेश कोरोना पॉजिटिव हेड कांस्टेबल ने अस्पताल की पांचवीं मंजिल से कूद कर की आत्महत्या
The case of Azam Khan's family, the police has filed a charge sheet of Dulikh in the court, the case against wife and son, including sister.
The clearest picture of sun so far
उद्भव की कुर्सी अब कभी भी जा सकती है बोलो हा के ना  
A cheap and mean guy from the beginning
From September, teaching and non-teaching staff in schools can be called for online education-related work ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Uddhav ordered the action to break the office of actress Kangana Ranot only after he was beheaded in front of Hitler's photo.
यह साले जिहादी मानसिकता वालों की जांच तो बढ़िया ढंग से होनी चाहिए यह भी साला जावेद अख्तर और सलीम का भाई है यह साला नेपोटिज्म के खिलाफ नहीं बोलता है
This is music. Music Beyond Borders. Where the words are pearls. Garlands are made by meeting the seeker. Which has no break. Teasing the human created lacquer. Is a fakery Which feels like going behind. Anhad. Bottomless Unlimited.
बनारस हिंदू विश्वविद्यालय से एक और छात्र लापता हो गया है. इससे पहले लापता हुए छात्र का भी अभी तक कोई सुराग नहीं लगा है
एक ही परिवार में से दो भाई और एक बहन आईपीएस अफ़सर। उनके मातापिता के लिए गर्व का अवसर। चलें उन्हें बधाई दें।
Jharkhand maintains record in Kovid test, examines 1.5 lakh people in hours
अनुच्छेद हटाने एवं जम्मूकश्मीर के विकास की प्रतिबद्धता  भाजपा संकल्प पत्र,
Our Corona Warrior Shri Rajesh Bhardwajji, who was posted as a Pharmacist in Delhi Government, had recently passed away due to Corona infection. Today he met his family and gave a support of ₹ 1 crore. I hope that the family will get some help with this amount.
कांग्रेस की पिच पर युवराज आउट होगा तो राजमाता और राजमाता आउट होंगी तो युवराज बैटिंग करेंगे... बाकी चमचे हाथ में झुनझुना लिए बाउंड्री के बाहर डांस करेंगे  यही भूत, वर्तमान व भविष्य है चमचों का... ांग्रेसमुक्तभारत
There have been more encounters in the Yogi government, apart from this, the culprits were those who got shot during the encounter and were injured leaving the crime, repenting ,,,
Border Dispute in Ladakh: Continuation of talks between army officers of Indo-China for the second consecutive day, before the incursion of China was thwarted by the Indian Army.
देखिये छिबरामऊ में कैसे उत्तर प्रदेश की पुलिस सरकार के आदेश पर पूर्णतः लोकतंत्र के दमन पर उतारू है  अंग्रेज के नाजायज संतान के हाथ में देश परदेश अंग्रेज जो पुलिस से अत्याचार ना करा पाई उससे अधिक अंग्रेज के संतान करा रहे हैं
This is what happens when the eyes are blindly trended and the Congress has done all this, only the students have been used. If the students raised their voice, it would not have been a mistake, but it was done to surround the government in any way, that spelling also turned the wrong railway into Raliways
और तेरा जीजा किसान का ज़मीन हड़पता हे और साला आया है किसान की चिन्ता करने
 सुप्रीम कोर्ट से टेलीकॉम कंपनियों को मिली राहत , SC ने बकाया चुकाने के लिए बढ़ाई मोहलत
उत्तर प्रदेश में कानून व्यवस्था के लिए जाना जाता था से पहले आज सभी अराजक तत्व को कानून बेहतर उत्तर दे रहा
Apply NSA to Shikhanan. A Heer Khan abuses our Gods and Gods and keeps listening silently; if he were a Namazi, he would have made the city to make Bengaluru a NSA.
Rajeev Kumar replaced Ashok Lavasa as new Election Commissioner
Breaking News… Massive conflict in East Ladakh.
Mayawati lashes out at Yogi government for law and order, Jungle Raj is being proved in UP
जैसे कि मैं अपने दोस्तों और अभिभावकों और अपने गांव के लोगों के साथ लगातार परामर्श कर रहा हूं। मुझे यह सुनकर और कहते हुए बेहद दुख हो रहा है कि आप वाले इलेक्शंस को में ही हार चुके हैं।
क्यों , शर्मा क्यों रहीं हैं। बिकाऊ पत्रकार नहीं हो तो खुलकर बोलो िंदुत्वआतंकवादी  ामभक्तगोपाल ने में ांधीजयंती के दिन के छात्रों पर गोली चलाई
Last farewell to Pranab da LIVE Rajnath, CDS Rawat and the chiefs of the three armies paid tribute to the former President, to be cremated with Corona Protocol
The number of times you will be found in public places without covering the mouth and nose, you can also be fined ₹ 500, ACS, Medical and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Happy bastard bastard, may God have your bibs and children and I hit the line on the new sister-in-law, and you eat garbage from the sisters every day.
पुलिस के पास लाठियां भी होती है, पुलिस के पास आपातकाल में राइफल भी होती है गोली चलाने के लिए, लेकिन पुलिस खुद साधुओं को धक्का दे रही थी,पुलिस ने एक बार भी भीड़ का विरोध नहीं किया,पूरी साजिश के तहत मारा गया है साधुओं को, इन लोगों की सजा फांसी होनी चाहिए
And without how strong, when will your team play against, know everything
In Ambala, Haryana, people have to keep in line for months and months to add a phone number to the Aadhaar card. Illegal recovery is also being done in the name of Aadhaar. It keeps people in line from 00 am to 00 pm in the name of tokens. Office opens ruin and destroys the country
घरेलू रेटिंग एजेंसी CRISIL ने अपनी एक रिपोर्ट में इस बारे में जानकरी दी है.
आरएसएस के आतंकवादी हैं
प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन पर बोले सेलेब्स, आज भारत ने महान लीडर खो दिया
कभी ध्यान दिया स्कूलों में पढाया जाता है घूंघट  कुप्रथा है लेकिन बुरका नहीं आखिर क्यों हमें पढाया जाता है सती प्रथा, बाल विवाह आदी कुप्रथा है पर तीन तलाक़, बहुविवाह का कहीं किताबों में कोई जिक्र ही नहीं होता
Today's positive news is the world's first museum, where happiness is found, not old things, but in the rooms, from the history of happiness to the future
This is not Karachi, Kashmir or Kerala. No, this chanting of Islam Zindabad is being done in the capital city of Kolkata, in West Bengal ruled by Banerjee Banerjee. It is a matter of great concern for India, how long the central government will remain under the temptation of power.
जनता को भटकाने का कोई रास्ता नही मिल रहा था,इसीलिए सरकार ने अब नई चाल चली है। चीनी apps को बंद कर दिए हैं। खासतौर से
How much oppression of Uygar Muslims is taking place in China is not hidden from any Muslims in the world and India. But I have not seen any Muslim brothers of Hindustan demonstrating against the atrocities on Uygar Muslims in front of the Chinese Embassy.
To give a strong foundation to school education, Teachers Education aims to create a new and comprehensive curriculum based on this education policy. Teacher's education is a part of higher education. Therefore, at the state level, all of you have to achieve the most important goals related to teachers education.
ITBP jawans set another example of humanity
The students admitted that they had received training for terrorist activities in the madrasa. These mullahs caught in Haryana, opened the secret to spread corona through Nizamuddin, help share and make famous,
Former President Pranab Mukherjee merged with the Panchatatva with the offering of the son Abhijeet Mukherjee's father.
Stay mentally healthy during Ovid 19 Follow known advice and maintain hygiene of hands and physical distance from others.
Riya questioned in connection with drug case, Riya confesses to drug purchase
Nasir Bhadwa is important to teach his brother a lesson
साँप सूँघ गया पाकिस्तान को, शुगर हो गया चीन को
India's pair of Rohan Bopanna and Denis Shapovalov in US Open Tennis of Canada have reached the men's doubles quarterfinals in Prasopan Tennis. In the quarter-finals tomorrow, they will take on the Dacromanian duo of Genijulian Roger and Horia Tecau.
The Supreme Court has directed timely grant of old age pension, mask, PPE kit and sanitizer to all senior citizens living alone during the epidemic.
   भुरी काकी को ही एम्स पर भरोसा नहीं है इलाज कराने विदेश चलीं गईं. चमचे कहते हैं नेहरू जी ने एम्स बनाए हैं 
You divide the country and have fun, yet you did not express regret.
Fuckin beggar somewhere, what do you think of yourself? When Bollywood's great comes, he understands himself once again. I have been asking you how long you turned out to be such a dirty man, you started having sex instead of having sex again. How do you have sex with girls
CM Baghel congratulates Bhumi Pujan of new assembly
The number of beds will be needed for the people of Delhi, the same number of beds will be needed for people coming from other states. This is a big challenge, but we will try our best. We will get the hotels, studios ready. For this, I will land on the ground myself. Our intention will not be found in the efforts
We are Hindi, in other webinars, people from different parts have spoken, Mann Ki Baat is possible only in mother tongue.
मंगलवार से ही कई मैसेज आने लगे की शाहरुख अनुराग मिश्रा है। सोशल मीडिया पोस्ट के स्क्रीनशॉट भी थे। मैंने उनमें से कई को यह कहते हुए जवाब दिया कि वह शाहरुख हैं, लेकिन जब मैंने देखा कि यह वायरल है तो पुलिस से से जानकारी प्राप्त करने की कोशिश की ताकि शाहरुख उर्फ अनुराग के अफवाह का अंत हो। मंगलवार से बहुत सारे मैसेज आने लगे कि शाहरूख अनुराग मिश्रा है। सोशल मीडिया के पोस्ट के स्क्रीन शाट्स थे।मैंने कई लोगों को व्यक्तिगत रूप से जवाब दिया कि ये शाहरूख है लेकिन जब देखा कि वायरल होता ही जा रहा है तो फिर पुलिस से एक बार सवाल किया। ताकि लोगों को भरोसा हो जाए और ये शाहरूख बनाम अनुराग की अफ़वाहबाज़ी बंद हो। अपने शो में मैंने कहा कि  पुलिस साफ कहती है शाहरुख है लेकिन सोशल मीडिया पर देखिए अनुराग बताया जा रहा है ।अभी भी जरूरत है कि पुलिस इसकी पहचान को लेकर दोबारा बोले। आप देखेंगे कि मैंने अपने कार्यक्रम में दिल्ली पुलिस के डी सी पी की बाइट लगाई है जो कह रहे हैं कि नाम शाहरूख है और गिरफ्तार नहीं हुआ है। मैंने शाहरूख को अनुराग बताने वाली तस्वीरें जानबूझ कर नहीं दिखाई। मुझे अनुराग मिश्रा बताना होता तो डी सी पी की ये बाइट क्यों लगाता
रिया के वकील बोले, अगर किसी को प्यार करना सजा, तो वो गिरफ्तारी के लिए तैयार
 एक साथ लाख से लेकर लाख लोगों से सीधे जुड़ सकेंगे, JDU ने बनाया JDU LIVE App की रिपोर्ट
पुलिस व प्रशासन ने शस्त्र धारकों पर की बड़ी कार्रवाई, DM ने शस्त्र लाइसेंस किए निरस्त, शस्त्र धारको के खिलाफ गुंडा एक्ट में कार्रवाई, अलगअलग क्षेत्रों में डीएम ने की कार्रवाई, कार्रवाई से बदमाशों, माफियाओं में हड़कंप।
जियो का एक और धमाका दिन तक उठाएं इन सुविधाओं का फ्री में लाभ
सुन बे किसी चीज के विरोध करने की कोई वजह होती है पहले जा के पूरा बिल पढ़ उसके बाद किसी को ज्ञान दे। बाप मरे अंधेरे में बेटा पॉवर हाउस। साले तुम जैसे चंद जाहिल जो NRC का विरोध करते करते दिल्ली को जलवा दिए और आज कृषि मंत्री बनकर बिल पे ज्ञान पेल रहे है । तुम लोग आलू से सोना बनाओ बस
Former MLA Nirvendra Kumar Mishra was allegedly beaten to death in Lakhimpur Kheri district of Uttar Pradesh. He was an Independent MLA from Nighasan Vidhasabha seat twice and SP MLA once. According to the report, this incident occurred due to the land dispute.
Five vicious crooks of police ganging up in police's hands, will be blown away after hearing the exploits
Uddhav Thackeray became number CM in the matter of abusing The CM of Delhi slipped on the number.
Kangana Ranaut accused the BMC of harassing her. At the same time, BMC employees also harassed the neighbors, saying that everyone will have to suffer the consequences of Madam's handiwork. Watch this video
उत्तराखंड में हिमालयी क्षेत्र में मसूरी और उसके आसपास के इलाकों में भूस्खलन की संवेदनशीलता का मानचित्रण अध्ययन से पता चलता है कि क्षेत्र के प्रतिशत हिस्से में भूस्खलन का सर्वाधिक खतरा है
वर्ष तक प्राथमिक विद्यालय स्तर पर सभी बच्चों को मूलभूत साक्षरता और संख्या ज्ञान प्राप्त कराना इस शिक्षा प्रणाली की सर्वोच्च प्राथमिकता तय की गई है। इसके आधार पर ही आगे की शिक्षा का ढांचा खड़ा हो सकेगा।
Despite heavy rains, Minto Bridge did not get water, traffic was normal.
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी को अश्रुपूर्ण विदाई पूरे सैन्य सम्मान के साथ नई दिल्ली में अंतिम संस्कार
Floods in many areas of Assam, Bihar and UP have disrupted life. Crisis is clouded over millions of people. We look forward to helping the people affected by the flood. I appeal to Congress workers and leaders to make every effort to help the affected people.
So far, policemen are non-positive, percentage of policemen have been cured of coronavirus, policemen are undergoing treatment in hospital, death of one policeman.
Kangna Ranaut's live debate on the matter of live debate, keep watching this country is ours
अयोध्या में राम मंदिर निर्माण के लिए नक्शा पास, अब जल्द ही ट्रस्ट को सौंपा जाएगा
Through international flights, people in Varanasi, Lucknow, Agra in the month of May, in June, in July, in August and in September, thus the total number of people have arrived in the state under Vande Bharat Mission ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
साला चरस फूकने वाला है। साले ने राज्यसभा की मर्यादा को तारतार कर दिया।
Listen shayari babu mumbai is not the property of anyone's father ... apologize to kangana ranawat ... a woman will not be insulted
Shiv Sena does not have right to live in Maharashtra, that 'Mental' woman insulting police
Our country will celebrate the year of independence in the year. It is very important that our students are familiar with the war of independence and the heroes of the country. In view of the coming Teachers' Day, I urge the teacher colleagues to create an atmosphere for this and bring the country's Unsung Heroes to the fore.
हस्तिनापुर में मिले कुषाण कालीन बर्तन, ASI को सौंपे गए सभी अवशेष
All of you are welcome to the Good Thinking Inspirational Suvichar Group, and Just Enjoy Friends, the rules of all the group community are the same rules, similarly there are some rules of this group which you all of us have to follow equally. group rules. Do not post vulgar, racist, anti-religious, rumors, politics related and violence in the group. If found in such post group, the creator of the post will be excluded or blocked forever. . Free Recharge, Requirement, Job in the group, do not do such post in group. A strict instruction is that no Male Member should send a Friend Request to any Femel Member until the two mutually start feeling Femilier and avoid unpleasant actions. Do not talk to any unknown girl with the words yaaradd me etc. without her permission. . We also have faith in God, but do not unnecessarily send his photo, yes if you are putting a story related to some goddess, then you can definitely add a picture of him. . Do not share personal photos of yourself and any other common person in the group. Special situation or more important can be added, no offense. Try not to post such a thing that hurts any individual or community .. Do not put others group link or pagegroup shared posts etc. in the group. All group administrators should pay attention to this subject, do not approve such posts in this group, so that their group remains clean and tidy. Support the admin team, post or add any report that is inappropriate. . The rules of the group apply the same to everyone, which you all have to follow, whether you are the admin administrator of the group or the member of the group .... The person posting porn or obscene comments will be excluded or blocked and Appropriate action will be taken. If any member of the group sees any obscene or dirty or inappropriate post or comment, then report it to them. Add at least as many friend members to this group .. If your post is not being self-published in this group, then get it done automatically. Any type of conversation related to the group can be done on any post pinned on the group or any post added as an announcement. For any type of complaint suggestion, talk to the group admin .. Good Thinking Inspirational Consideration Group Link Thanks Kríshñá
कुछ लोग चाहते थे की स्व.राजीव गांधी की पत्नी अध्यक्ष बने और कुछ चाहते थे, की राहुल गांधी की मम्मी, कुछ ने कहा की प्रियंका की माँ भी एक ऑप्शन हो सकता है। पर ज्यादातर की इच्छा थी इंदिरा गांधी की बहू गद्दी संभालें .. शेष आगे थ्रेड में....
दूसरी बार मां बनीं एक्ट्रेस समीरा रेड्डी, बेटी की तस्वीर शेयर कर लिखा मेरे घर आई नन्हीं परी
बड़े भैया जमीन पर उतारिए राहुल गांधी जी को जमीन पर उतार कर संघर्ष करें खाएंगे डंडा खाएंगे गोली संघर्ष किए हैं और करेंगे अंग्रेजों की गोली से नहीं झुके नहीं डरे तो अंग्रेज की नाजायज लौंडे की गोली डंडे से नहीं डरेंगे लड़ेंगे सीने पर खाएंगे पीठ पर नहीं
बिहार में अब केंद्रीय गृह मंत्रालय के अनलॉक4 के ही दिशा निर्देश यथावत लागू रहेंगे।
The answer came from BJP. The percentage of dislikes is outside India. There has been a huge increase in the activities of Rahul Gandhi's favorite Turkish bots. "These dislikes are not real audience reactions.
Faces tell the story: India's cruelty has made Kashmir a hell
ंडीगढ़ प्रशासन ने पंजाब और केंद्र शासित प्रदेश चंडीगढ़ के राज्यपाल वी0 पी0 सिंह बदनौर के कल जारी के दिशानिर्देशों के अनुसार रात का कर्फ्यू हटा लिया है।
कोरोना दुनिया में जापान के वैज्ञानिकों ने अर्थराइटिस की दवा एक्टेमरा से इलाज का दावा किया, यहां हजार से ज्यादा संक्रमित दुनिया में करोड़ केस
There is a live suicide video from Dubai's high Burj Khalifa building.
यूपीएससी द्वारा कराई जाने वाली आईएएस परीक्षा में मुस्लिम उम्मीदवारों को हिंदू उम्मीदवारों की तुलना में कई अतिरिक्त छूट मिलती है।
The former President's body was laid for his last visit at his residence, Army Chief General MM Narwane paid tribute to Bharat Ratna Live Updates
Coronavirus is mentioned in Ramcharitmanas
Metro operation to begin from September 7, guidelines may be issued tomorrow
If the non-VEG food is not available, the so-called poor laborers going from Mumbai to UP Bihar threw the VEG food at the railway station in the same way that these hawkers would shout help, if the government does not eat chickens every day, and if help is done then Will disrespect food.
BMC का दावा  रिया को नहीं थी सुशांत का शव देखने के लिए मोर्चरी में जाने की अनुमति 
Schools in Rajasthan will be discontinued in Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi languages. In the new education policy, on the one hand, there is talk of three language formulas. At the same time, the teaching of three important languages ​​is being stopped in the government schools of Rajasthan.
Aadhaar Aam Aadmi Party's suspended councilor Tahir arrested under PMLA Act, Tahir sent for ED remand of the day
वीं सदी में भी भारत को हम एक Knowledge Economy बनाने के लिए प्रयासरत हैं। नई शिक्षा नीति ने Brain Drain को tackle करने के लिए और सामान्य से सामान्य परिवारों के युवाओं के लिए भी Best International Institutions के Campus भारत में स्थापित करने का रास्ता खोला है PM
कहां है वो गिद्ध जो ईद उल अजहा पर बकरे के लिए ट्रेंड करा रहे थे  उन्हें कश्मीरियों की हालत नहीं दिखाई देती  या सब की इंसानियत जानवर पर ही जागती है 
प्रो अख्तर ने कहा कि उस कॉम्प्लेक्स को तीन मूल्यों के आधार पर आर्किटेक्ट किया जाएगा.
On filling the water from the well of the tribal woman, the Savarnas beat her.
NCB conducted raid in Mumbai, seized of cannabis in raid
A letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, referring to the misuse of Facebook by some groups, the Union Minister also expressed serious concern over Facebook's attitude in the general election.
ये तो  सच है..हिन्दुओं में एकता होता तो.. हिंदुस्तान कभी गुलाम न होता ।
DRDO achieves major achievement in the field of hypersonic vehicles
Ganga boom swept away farmers' dreams, loss of millions due to crop ruin
The health rate has improved further since Ovid 19 in the country. Now this rate has reached percentage. The Ministry of Health has said that the number of healthy people has exceeded lakhs and more.
HUL's webpage named Atikullah Malik is the owner of Surf Excel, listing its brands under hand infected boils home care using Surf Excel. Dirty sewer powder will make your clothes dirty
पत्र डोभाल ने लद्दाख के कमिश्नर सैक्रेटरी रिगजिन सैंफल को लिखा है। पत्र में लिखा है कि, मैं लद्दाख की परिस्थितियों में आपके द्वारा किए गए प्रयासों की सराहना करता हूं। पत्र के दूसरे पैरा में लिखा है कि भारत सरकार और सभी एजेंसियों के संयुक्त प्रयासों से चीन एक्सपोज हो गया है।
You are a gross bastard
Stay away from pets, especially dogs as it can cause coronavirus infection
सरकार व्यवहारतन झूठ बोल रही है। परीक्षाओं में अधिकांश छात्र अनुपस्थित हो रहे हैं। महामारी के दौर में परीक्षाएं देने के कारण जो छात्र संक्रमित हो रहे उनकी जिम्मेदारी कौन सी सरकार लेगी छात्रों के दुःख का सरकार मज़ाक उठा रही। यह असहनीय है।
The Excise Department has drawn more appointments from all states.
You are a mother-in-law, what are you doing
देश में बहुतायत लोग चाहते हैं NEETJEE की परीक्षा टाली जाए। विपक्षी दल भी लेकिन मायावती जी फिर से भाजपा का संकठ मोचन बनीं और कहा कि परीक्षा हो परंतु सावधानी से ।
तेरी ही कमी थी कमीनी तू ही बसा दे ।
India and Gold jointly declare the winner of the tournament, India won gold for the first time
वित्त मंत्री अनुसूचित वाणिज्यिक बैंकों और एनबीएफसी के साथ ‘बैंक ऋणों में ोविड19 संबंधी दबाव की समाधान व्यवस्था’ पर अमल की समीक्षा करेंगी विवरण 
Chief Minister Shri Ji has said that the state will continue to work hard in the same way and will achieve the top position ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
एमएस धोनी की टीम चेन्नई सुपर किंग्स आईपीएल की सबसे सफल टीम मुंबई इंडियंस के खिलाफ अपने अभियान का आगाज करेगी.
ने लॉन्च किया नया लोगो, आइडिया के शेयर्स में आया उछाल
Border security forces personnel of South Bengal Frontier have seized more than a million worth of confiscation of beauty paraphernalia, medicines and miscellaneous goods. The goods were being smuggled to Bangladesh via the border post Haridaspur in North Parganas district.
The benefits of Ayushman scheme are not available in private hospital, the poor family is wandering around, reports of Ranjan Singh Rajput
It is necessary to eradicate the fear of corona epidemic among the people, under this, oxygen probes are being carried out in every part of Madhya Pradesh.
देश में पिछले घंटे के दौरान लगभग लाख हजार नमूनों की ोविड जांच की गई है। देश में अब तक लगभग चार करोड़ लाख हजार नमूनों की जांच हो चुकी है।
अमूल ने क्वालिटी वॉल्स और अन्य आइसक्रीम उत्पादकों के ख़िलाफ एक मुकदमा जीत लिया है, जो अब उनके उत्पाद आइसक्रीम के तौर पर नहीं बेच पाएंगे अब उन्हें नए नाम के अंतर्गत बेचा जाएगा, फ्रोज़न डेसर्ट यदि आप फ्रोज़न डेसर्ट के लेबल देखें तो लिखा होता है हाइड्रोजनेटेड वेजिटेबल ऑयल यानि डालडा तो यदि यह फ्रोज़न डेसर्ट है तो वह निश्चित ही डालडा है
बुर्के का रंग यूं ही काला नहीं होता, औरत के दामन पर कई मोमिनों की गन्दी निगाह का जख्म होता है...
The plate that was eaten in Mumbai defamed a hole
बिहार में बालिकागृह से छोटी छोटी बच्ची को उठाकर बीजेपी जेडीयू के नेता अफसर दुष्कर्म करते हैं हत्या कर दी जाती है बिहार की बहू बेटी को गुंडे गैंग रेप करते हैं । अरे हरामि हिंदू खतरे में नहीं आर एस एस बीजेपी वाले से आपकी बहन बेटी खतरे में
Thomson ने भारत में लॉन्च किए तीन फुली ऑटोमेटिक वॉशिंग मशीन
The year Rahul Dravid gave an interview. He was reminded of an innings by Brendon McCullum. Ten years old. Dravid insisted on Peshani and said that it was a torture. The best thing about that torture is that it was finished within an hour and a half.
Ganga Prime to recover medical staff in exchange for facilitating patients in Covid Hospital
Corona virus continues to wreak havoc in Uttar Pradesh. On this issue, Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra has targeted the Yogi government ..
In my country, if Pakistan will raise slogans of Zindabad before me, then I will teach them a lesson before the police. Some people are giving the color of Hindu Muslim to everything. I urge the Mumbai Police to immediately arrest those spreading rumors about Pakistan Zindabad.
Shame some of the Congressmen, how will an Abla Khatoon run their house in ₹ and Biryani, exploiting people, above all, Lucknow Police does not allow the dancing car to stand there, how will it go
The Saudi Arabian government released the Bhagavad Gita in Arabic, but speaking of Bharat Mata Jai ​​here puts Islam in danger ..
No one has given any statement that daughters and daughters-in-law will be raped, other things which you have said, should not make such comments, the party has quickly distanced itself from these statements.
हिमाचल प्रदेश महीने की गर्भवती गाय के मुंह में पटाखा रखकर फोड़ दिया है, लेकिन गाय माँ के दर्द की News नही बन सकी, न ही किसी औलाद को गुस्सा आया, न किसी जीव प्रेमी ने संवेदना व्यक्त की, क्योंकि जिस प्रदेश में यह अमानवीय कृत्य हुआ है, वहां भाजपा सरकार है
Chennai Superkings. One of the most successful teams of all time. According to sources, its people have been found to be Corona positive. There is also an Indian player. The rest are from the support staff.
क्या एंटीवायरल दवाएं लेकर ोरोना से बचा जा सकता है
Identify mental health problems. Be sensitive to neighborhood people and loved ones and recognize signs of mental health problems, such as changes in sleep patterns, difficulty sleeping and focusing.
Modi used to take the crocodile to school in his childhood, so .. Think about what will happen to the condition of one and a half foot Chinese
विधानसभा में करोड़ से अधिक के विकास कार्यो का भूमिपूजन एवं लोकार्पण...
उन्नावरेपकांड चर्चित उन्नाव रेप कांड के दोषी भाजपाविधायककुलदीपसिंहसेंगर को हाई कोर्ट से मिली जमानत ।। इस हैवान ने पीड़िता के पूरे खानदान को मार डाला, फिर भी उस जज को तरस नहीं आया जिसने जमानत दे दी ।।। वह जज जज नहीं बल्कि जज के भेष में छुपा हुआ ाजपाईभेड़िया है ।।
There are also many big names, who will not be seen in IPL this time. They have withdrawn their names for different reasons. Some other players are also considering withdrawing their names. In such a situation, it is the matter of such players, who will not be seen scoring runs in IPL, nor taking wickets.
The Chief Minister inaugurated and inaugurated the BSL.2 lab in government and private medical colleges through video conferencing
Important information is communicated to every person that before the coming March you first received money from all banks. In April, the documents of NPR will be sought in the bank, the account of anyone who does not have the document will be blocked. Share more people. Jai Hind.
BJP leader was raping an orphaned girl of the year who is also a local BJP leader
Had it abused any other religion, the game of bomb ammo would have been seen all over India. Those who have seen in Bangalore a few days ago. Do not consider our silence as weakness
Yogi ji does not know whether you are ashamed or not, but the innocent grandson of Chedi Yadav's year is very ashamed of you, who has to take away the stretcher of your injured maternal grandfather for not paying bribe, if your government has any sensitivity Take action in this matter.
गवर्नर कांफ्रेंस के उद्घाटन सत्र में प्रधानमंत्री के सम्बोधन का मूल पाठ विवरण 
France's Charlie Hebdo again printed the cartoon of Prophet Mohammed. The magazine said that we will not bow down
अरे अर्णव कभी UP जो छोटी छोटी बच्चियों का बलात्कारी राज्य बन चुका है कभी उस पर भी चर्चा करो जब तुम्हारे साथ ये घटना घटेगी तब करोगे इस देश की मीडिया की स्थिति कुत्ते से भी गिरी हुई हो गयी है आज कल के न्यूज़ चैनलों को देश कर यही लगता है
New cases of corona virus came to light in Delhi, people died
नई कोरोना जांच लैब का उद्घाटन मुख्यमंत्री श्री जी ने की शुरुआत, सरकारी व तीन निजी मेडिकल कॉलेजों में स्थापित की गई लैब।
It seems that this corona will go through all the festivals of India, and if Rahul insists on seeing the Prime Minister then he has gone…
He was the niece of Modi ji. Oh Harami, you are not watching my face, what will you do by lying in such a way that people who watch the video will abuse you
Kangana announced to go to Mumbai after confronting leaders like Sanjay Raut of Maharashtra, Anil Deshmukh on Twitter. Now for his visit to Mumbai, the Union Home Ministry has decided to give him the security of Y category.
Ma'am, this room number is the number of patients on the OPD ground floor. Looking at the number of patients, it can be clearly said that this is a very dangerous situation for all doctors, staff and even patients, that's why I This video is forwarded to you, ma'am, I am Dr. Rana Singh, thank you ma'am, more than a hundred people are standing here in front of room number OPD. Please find a solution as soon as possible.
Schools to be opened in a phased manner from September. School College… .. Ministry of Education is preparing detailed guidelines…. In the first phase, these schools will be opened on the trial of the day… Every news should reach you, for this you joined our WhatsApp group.
Punjab police and team of doctors arrested coronavirus patient. Punjab police and doctors are the best in world.
There have been new cases of corona in the state in the past hours. ACS, Medical and Health are active cases of Corona in the state, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Watch the video. The slogans of Pakistan Zindabad are still being chanted in Mumbai to these Muslims
Japan has given crores of rupees in the form of official development assistance loan for the health sector to deal with the Ovid 9 crisis in India
So are you very proud of your valor in Kashmir? It is a matter of shame that your brutal army kills innocent Kashmiris without innocents and without weapons. This is the benchmark of your bravery and bravery, so we curse such bravery and do not celebrate it. Celebrate rather be shy and shed tears
Please, for information and necessary action.
The accused hails from Rohtak and his mobile phone has more women numbers.
अखिलेश यादव बोले कफील के बाद अब आजम खान को भी रिहा करो, झूठे मुकदमों में फंसाया
Actually, it was said that how wrong it is to go away from the judiciary and convict the person who has not been convicted in the court. We should believe in the law of the country.
Someone learn to dodge from Modi ji. Everyone was eyeing the GDP debate today. On the other hand, by changing Pubg, it changed its entire attitude.
Today's slogan is calling Maharashtra. No More Naughty Govt.
PM Care Fund proved to stand the test of newspaper headlines. Is the judge God who says everything is right?
Allahabad High Court issues contempt notice to DGP of UP
The difficulties of Azam Khan increased, Yogi government will investigate the construction of Haj House in Lucknow and Ghaziabad
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत को अब इन्साफ मिलेगा अमित शाह ने कहा अब होगी सीबीआई इन्क्वायरी कौन कौन चाहता है की सुशांत को न्याय मिले 
The ED has been in touch with some states where a gang is involved in the crime of extortion from people and banks by issuing fake notices in the name of the Central Financial Investigation Agency ED.
Minister of State for Space, Dr. Jitendra Singh said that the launch of the aircraft 3 can be done at the beginning of the launch. Chandrayaan 3 will also be like Chandrayaan 2, it will include lander and rover but will not be an arbiter.
Finding a girl for a private job is not less than scoring a ball for yourself, so oppose privatization
Japan will provide assistance to India to fight Covid19 epidemic
After sharing the picture of Minister Aditya Thackeray and Shisha Patani on BJP by Fb, the direction is being described as Sushant Rajput's gfia. These Jahilos do not even know what Kone is. The gamblers of the BJP are being shared by rapist blind devotees.
Photograph of the Pakistan cricket team during Inzamamulhak's captaincy. Hindu Danish Kaneria and Christian Yusuf Yuhana were asked to offer namaz.
प्रधानमंत्री, ने मन की बात में कहा, यह स्थानीय खिलौनों के लिए मुखर वोकल फॉर लोकल होने का समय है विवरण 
Last farewell to martyr Manoj Sharma with Jehanabad Guard of Honor
During the IPL, the thousand Corona TestBCCI set a budget of ten million for testing, the reports of people including the players found infected by the Chennai team are negative
Youth shot dead in Meerut, dead body found on roadside, police engaged in investigation
Today's cartoon by social distancing from good days
‘फूट डालो और राज करो’ एक घिनौनी नीति थी और हमेशा रहेगी। ऐसी सोच को देश ने पहले भी पराजित किया था और आज भी करेगा क्योंकि भाईचारा और सद्भावना हमारे लोकतंत्र की नीव हैं।
अब उत्तर प्रदेश के उन्नाव में का एक और मामला आया सामने, एक मुस्लिम युवक साल की युवती को साथ लेकर हो गया गायब
ये तो साला असली वाला गुंडा है
The Corona ward was closed today after the last Corona patient recovered in New Zealand. It should happen soon in India.
News channels got riya, blind devotees peacock. The country's GDP entered the trough, no discussion nor noise
Former President Pranab Mukherjee cremated in Delhi
Chief Minister instructed the police to increase patrolling activities. He said that ACS, Home and Information should be effectively handled by the Transport Department, Mr.
Amritsar Rail Accident Train Driver Suicide Emergency Even After Applying Brake Some people came to my car, The speed of the car was almost near to stop, then a huge number of people attacked my car with stones.
good .
UP Polytechnic Offline Entrance Exam Admit Card Issued,. Download UPJEE Admit Card like this
No matter how much media pour water on the lotus, but one day the lotus will wither…
Divya Reddy's incarnation in the Hyderabad scandal was not only the end of a dr, but a Veterinary Scientist and Researcher lust rewarded by the government. This is great damage to the whole world.
नोवल कोरोनावायरस से संक्रमित से अधिक रोगियों को मारने के लिए अदालत की मंजूरी मांगी
Pigs in Kutiya's lap ... this is amazing
Government is getting lathicharge on seeking employment, the day is not far when these youth will change the power and change the system too
The Bombay High Court has directed that all interim orders, which run till Thursday, be extended by April.
People in active patients are in home isolation, which is about a percentage of the total number. Till now, a total of people were in home isolation, in which people have become completely healthy ACS, Medicine and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
लावारिश लाशों को इस तरह गंगा नदी में फेंका जाना ना मानवता है और ना ही इस कोरोना काल में उचित ।
Yogi government's big decision regarding Corona, this order given to government employees
Under lockdown will be limited to container zone
So CBI investigation is not going on, Riya Chakraborty and Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray's Lal Aditya Thackeray .... what is this relationship called
Jehanabad land dispute kills old man with lathis and gunshot
Elections of sarpanches will be held in two stages, first they will be at the feet of the people and then the people at their feet…
GDP does not feed peacock. Thinking about the issue of the country will work.
LIVE your voice by tweeting the voice of justice for Sushant on ZEE NEWS
Please take necessary action by taking cognizance.
नासा के आकलन के अनुसार दिल्ली में एक ज़ोरदार भूकंप आने वाला है
Completed one year of 'Chichhore', fellow artists paid tribute to Sushant
Japan has made such a car, which can fly. But right now it is giving an average of only minutes, meaning it was able to fly for only minutes. You will think, what is marial performance? Just minutes. It must also be coming in your mind that when cars will be flying for hours.
You tell me that Hukka was being investigated for drugs or was investigating Sushant Singh's death
Center told SC, loan moratorium can be extended for two years under RBI circular
You will soon see Sushant's killer, asks India with Republic, YouTube live TV on Republic India
भारत रत्न प्रणब मुखर्जी के जाने पर पूरे देश में शोक की लहर है. उनके राजनीतिक सफर पर एक नज़र 
एससीओ बैठक के लिए आज रूस जाएंगे राजनाथ, चीन से वार्ता तय नहीं
Yogi police arrested a goat roaming without a mask in Yeddyastak Kanpur. After hearing this news, the atmosphere of fear in the goat community again created panic among goats. Interest
This video shows the preparation of Bhoomi Pujan of Ram temple in Ayodhya
Read what he said about his return to the field after a long time…
This is a video of a fight with a BJP MLA in Haryana.
कैडर के IPS सुकीर्ति माधव जी की कविता मैं खाकी हूँ हर किसी पुलिस अधिकारी की जुबान पर रटी
If the Chief Minister of the state is not safe then what will happen to that state
Sandeep Singh, who supplies drugs to Sushant Singh, is in the photo with the Home Minister, imagine if there was a photo with the Congress, the media would have created panic but why the media and BJP are silent on this relationship
Delhi Riots Jaan, Maal, Mazar, Masjid, Muslims were also harmed in every way… .and jail should also choose all Muslims…
ये वही कश्मीर है यारों जिसे तुम जन्नत कहा करते थे, ये वही कश्मीर है यारों जिस पर तुम नाज किया करते है,, आज उसी कश्मीर के लिए चुप क्यों हो उसी जन्नत को दरिंदो ने जहन्नम बना दिया है,,
आलू से सोना बनाया, पानी से करंट निकाला, स्कूटर को बस बनवाया थोड़ा और सब्र रखिएये तक गधे से डीजल ना मुतवा दे तो कहना
All schools, colleges, educational and coaching institutes will remain closed for general academic work till September. Permission for online remote education will continue and will be encouraged ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
कोरोना के बढ़ते मामलों पर हाईकोर्ट चिंतित, लोगों से मास्कसोशल डिस्टेंसिंग के पालन की अपील की
िल्लीपुलिस की स्पेशल सेल ने दिल्ली से गिरफ्तार किए खालिस्तानी आतंकी, आतंकियों के कब्जे से भारी मात्रा में हथियार बरामद, बब्बर खालसा के आतंकी मुठभेड़ में गिरफ्तार।
कर्ज के कारण एक ही परिवार के चार सदस्यों ने फांसी लगाकर आत्महत्या कर ली, मृतक ममता सोनी, भरत सोनी, अजीत सोनी और यशवंत सोनी। क्या आप ऐसा नया भारत बनाना चाहते हैं सरकार की गलत नीतियों के कारण लोग अपनी जान गंवा रहे हैं।
अब UPI समेत डिजिटल ट्रांजैक्शन पर नहीं लगेगा कोई चार्ज, पैसे कटे हैं तो रिफंड मिलेगा via
In Firozabad, businessman was burnt alive in broad daylight, what would Yogi Raj call "Jungle Raj or Beast Raj"
Sourav Ganguly breaks silence on the rising Kovid 19 cases in Chennai Super Kings, says hope
Ratan Lal Ji Boolewal Village Mahendragarh Tehsil Sahada District Bhilwara Jean died today and after reaching the crematorium after hours, the Vapis came alive, this miracle of reality is true, do not know what will be seen in God's Leela ... Congratulations .... Jai Shree Krishna
The difference of humanity. The BJP turned its back on the poor countrymen craving for food during the Corona crisis, while the Congress made its offices kitchen for the countrymen in this hour of crisis.
Seven BJP candidates got votes indicating EVMs were hacked Many candidates of Bharatiya Janata Party and Congress Party have got more votes respectively. How can this be possible without EVM settings
Mullahs and secular Hindus stay away from this tweet. Just write hardcore Hindu Jai Shri Ram. Original Poster Hardcore Hindu Lioness Anita Srivastava Fucker Hai Tumpe
After bringing Mayawati, Akhilesh, Lalu, Kumaraswamy and Chandrababu Naidu on the road, the Congress is now eyeing the Shiv Sena.
The story of the Khalifa Aaron Rashid, whose era was called the Golden Age of Khilafat
Big Breaking News Friends, from today, the Congress Government has given electricity to the people of Rajasthan in view of the shortage of money and lack of performance in feeding biryani in Shahin Bagh, raising the rupee and rupee fix rate from the power unit.
This fellow has taken my number out of Gujarat with the help of the government, is messing me dirty on WhatsApp.
A tribute to the former President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee.
The viral video shows a person in a wheelchair receiving blankets from a blanket distribution campaign. In the video, the person can be seen immediately getting off the wheelchair and walking.
एक बात समझ मे नही आती कि बोलीवुड मे सिर्फ दिव्या,गुलशन और सुशांत ही क्यू मरते हैं कोई साजिद,सलमान आमिर क्यौ नही कुछ तो लोचा हैं 
Shoaib Akhtar said, Rishabh Pant is the future star, Virat is the brave captain
China Story applying Corona Vaccine without trial: Robin Brant, Shanghai Voice: Vishal Shukla
Who are the traitors who object to the word Gaumata, who are the traitors who produced a dozen children in the name of Mazhab, who are the traitors who raise the heart of Gajwaahind
Rajokari Village D. Giving detailed information about Modi government's functions, achievements, historical decisions, Shri Ram temple, parting of the stream, triple talaq ban, etc.
The campaign launched by the Prime Minister in the railway mission mode to provide employment to the migrant laborers has been created so far in railway projects in various states, equal to more than one million man-days.
The World Solar Technology Summit will be organized tomorrow through a virtual channel by the International Solar Alliance ISA. More than a thousand participants from countries have registered to attend the conference.
Sushant Singh Rajput raising questions on stickers and masks associated with Bihar BJP
As soon as the decision came, Donald Trump climbed on the White House and fired aerial fire from the native cottage and raised the slogan of Jai Shri Ram and promised to make the White House a saffron color and decided to change the name to the saffron house.
Surprisingly, the Center is giving Y category protection to those who insult Maharashtra and Mumbai. Maharashtra belongs not only to NCP, Shiv Sena or Congress but also to BJP. If anyone insults Maharashtra, then all parties should condemn: HM, Maharashtra
I will pick you up and I will keep watching you in a dolly, CBI poor NCB
मुंबई गोरेगांव में दर्दनाक हादसा, खुले नाले में गिरे डेढ़ साल के मासूम लापता पढ़ें खबर
कोरोना के केसेस अब बहुत तेजी से बढ़ने लगे हैं। अगर हमें अपने आप को संक्रमण से बचाना है तो हमें इन तीन चीजों को जन आंदोलन बनाना होगा  मास्क पहनना, सोशल डिस्टेंसिंग का पालन करना और साबुन से हाथ धोना।
झूठे वादो के साथ पंजाब,मध्यप्रदेश,राजस्थान, छतीसगढ़ राज्यो की सत्ता मे आई काग्रेंस जब लोकसभा चुनावो के लिए वोट मांगने गए नेता तो जनता ने दौड़ा दौड़ा कर पीटा 
 जो लोग खुद को बेगुनाह कह रहे, वो सवालों से डर क्यों रहे हैं जाने इस मुद्दे पर अर्नब की राय
Sushant Singh Rajput case, how are laws in India related to drugs
बिहार औरंगाबाद में अब तक लोगों ने कोरोना को दी मात, जानिए क्या है जिले की स्थिति प्रियदर्शी की रिपोर्ट
China said on Pranab Mukherjee's death, this is a big loss for the friendship of both the countries
Farmers sitting on a dharna about their demands, farmers are raising a dharna demonstration in Loni for housing development, demanding compensation.
ने पहले कोरोना को हराया, अब अपने पहले ही मैच में धुआंधार पारी से रिकॉर्ड बनाया
UP's Saturday lockdown ends, markets will be closed only on Sunday, shops will open on Saturday from morning to night
People are abusing Riya unnecessarily, the real chance is Kangana, what godfather has been made from time to time by Mahesh Bhatt, Riti…
BADI BEHES LIVE Now you have to go to jail
Brahmins say Shivalinga was found in Ayodhya. So work should be done to build Shiva temple there. Not of Rama. If we build the temple of Shiva, the Indus civilization is our heritage, not foreign Brahmins.
Ticket sellers do not foster, now you can not blackmail the innocent farmers
Today, siblings performing prayers in Lucknow, after seeing this, there is still any doubt that they will do good to the country… is this true ppl If you want to read namaz, then you read with happiness… The problem is with yoga Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi Vadra in Lucknow Offering prayers
Thus, in the month of August, the state has the highest sampling rate of sampling till date. Percentage has been found in Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Percentage in Lucknow, Percentage in Maharajganj and percentage in Deoria.
 सुशांत मामला गौरव आर्या से प्रवर्तन निदेशालय ने की पूछताछ, एनसीबी की जांच जारी
The Facebook page was created on February and has close followers. The account appears to be operated by the reception itself, but the account is fake. Facebook profile Abhinandn Varthaman is missing 'a' in Abhinandan's name The profile states that he joined the Air Force.
FIR lodged against former minister Tej Pratap Yadav, who went to Ranchi to meet father Lalu Prasad Yadav, know what is the complete case report:
Khaki once again wreaked havoc on Dalits, the case of Dalit found dead in a river, killing a young man and throwing a dead body in the river, police trying to save the real accused, third degree to the deceased Dalit youth of the deceased, fake statements from friends Beating for getting,
   जुम्मन ओवैसी भाजपा का एजेंट है और चुनाव भी ना लड़े ओवैसी बाबरी पर बोले, सांसद मे इनके लिए आवाज़ उठाए, ओवैसी इनके लिए…
Now rumor spreaders are not good, register immediate case against rumor mongers and directs them to arrest Oslmedia
Modi ji mentions the toy in Mann Ki Baat. O people consider it as a toy or else the day Corona has crossed, they did not even discuss it.
Youth who got out of the house died due to police beating
Some brothers are asking why Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi goes abroad to cure.
Now Nasiruddin Shah's health seems to be deteriorating, Yamraj is eyeing Bollywood.
Listen to the real national anthem, which was sung by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose along with the soldiers of the Azad Hind Fauj, which was later changed by Ravindra Nath Tagore to welcome George V and which every government today is losing recognition of the national anthem.
दिल्ली के माननीय मुख्यमंत्री जी के आवाहन पर अम्बेडकर नगर कार्यकर्ताओं की ओर से आज ऑक्सीमीटर दिल्ली प्रदेश अध्यक्ष जी को भेंट किये गए, यहाँ से ऑक्सीमीटर देश के छोटे गाँव मे जरूरत मन्द लोगो को दिए जाएगे. नर सेवा, नारायण सेवा,
Who knows Riya Chakraborty, Uddhav Thackeray's son Aditya Thackeray? That is why Uddhav government is not giving Sushant's case to CBI.
Now this Pakistani bitch also started speaking and is looking absolutely stray and unsatisfactory.
America said the quad will move on the lines of NATO against the aggressive aggressive attitude of China
उमर खालिद की जिंदगी बर्बाद कर दी गई मुसलमान होने के कारण ना तो आज वह भी आईएसʼ आईपीएस होता
Divorce given to wife for not getting dowry, after divorcing wife from house, husband used to beat woman, case filed against victim's tahrir, Khanpur police engaged in investigation of case.
It is good that the Modi government has not levied any tax on laughing, but nothing can be said about the time to come.
वो जानवरों तक के चारे में बम मिला देते हैं आप उनसे भाईचारे की बात करते हो उनसे बड़े जाहिल तो आप हो..
Six years ago, the dog had raised a dog. He is also native. And even more faithful turned out to be. Privatism
अरे कमीनी कम से कम बोलने का तरीका तो सीख ले
सुशांत के परिवार के वकील  सुशांत के पोस्टमॉर्टम पर उठ रहे सवालों का दिया जवाब
Please inform us about the action taken and the current situation.
Congress begging will not be available now
The story of the warrior who cremated the corona patients…
Only one who has not experienced the real jungle raj can speak against Priyayogiji
People tell me Yogi has become a devotee, I said that I am a devotee of the saffron chief minister ... not a slave of any gross thief leader
The decision of the Ministry of Information and Technology and other applications to shut down came at a time when China is in a tizzy due to tensions between India and China in Ladakh .. The message was given as soon as the government was formed that strict decisions would be taken in the interest of the country. Nation is paramount.
संघर्ष की हुई जीत। ग्वालियर मंदिर के सामने ठेला लगाने वाले गरीब इंसान को प्रताड़ित करने के विरोध में AAP के पदाधिकारियों ने की थी शिकायत। शिकायत के बाद निगम अधिकारी को हटाया गया। आम आदमी के लिए संघर्ष जारी रहेगा।
तुम्हारी मर्दानगी किसी हीरोइन को धमकाने में नहीं, पालघर साधुओं के हत्यारों को पकड़ने में है.
The work of Kovid 19 testing is being done at a rapid pace in the state. In the state yesterday, samples were tested in one day. Total samples have been investigated in the state so far ACS, Medical and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad
This country is our Kangana Ranaut VS Sanjay Raut, how many faces are behind the drug network
Maan in the Jabalpur district office of the Aam Aadmi Party. A meeting was held for the formation of the District Executive under the leadership of the State Organization Minister and the Oximitras were selected for the Oxyamitra campaign to be started in all the assemblies from Monday.
उत्तर प्रदेश के मुख्यमंत्री आदरणीय योगी जी के भाई हैं जो चाय का दुकान चला रहे है, कांग्रेस के कोई भी बड़े नेता का भाई इस तरह का हो तो जरूर पोस्ट कीजिएगा
CBI or news channel will investigate Special Edition Sushant case
अब कोरोना की चपेट में ग्रामीण अर्थव्यवस्था अगस्त में बढ़ी बेरोजगारी via
फिलहाल क्या किसी का एक झांठ उखाड़ लेगा तू अबे साले फस गया फिर भी तेरे अभी बदतमीजी बंद नहीं हो रही है तेरी गांड में तेल लगाकर पुलिस डंडा डालेगी तब तेरी भाषा सही होगी कुत्ता साले माफी मांगने के लिए कह रहा हूं साले उस पर तुम्हारा दिमाग नहीं जा रहा है जिससे तुम्हारी जिंदगी बच जाए
Maharashtra: Earthquake tremors in Palghar, adjoining Mumbai, intensity measured on Richter scale: National Center for Seismology
Angry students siege of Education Minister's residence due to not getting loan from credit card, fiercely sloganeering report:
People who make a list of promotions stay away from me, they never promote us and get a retweet, with id, everyone knows that we are hostile. Among those named, no one promotes, when you have to promote only a few people, then you ask for the name.
Whose rule, its court, media and administration are now openly visible. Now just trust yourself. Amla Unnao, Kuldeep Singh Sengar Balatkari Baba
Under this scheme, CLSS or credit linked subsidy is given to first time home buyers.
चीन को जवाब देने को तैयार भारतीय सेना
In order to diversify the efforts being made by the respected Prime Minister in the interest of farmers, a funding facility of ₹ 01 lakh crore is being started today under the Agriculture Infrastructure Fund. Self-reliant farmers are the foundation of self-reliant India.
एक आदमी  हे भगवान दंगा करने वाले लोगों को हिंदू कर दे, राहगीर  ये क्या बक रहा है बे तु, आदमी  मैं पत्रकार हूं जनाब काम धंधे में बरकत की दुआ मांग रहा हूँ।
Shruti Modi's lawyer has made big revelations in Sushant Singh Rajput case
मोदी तेरे राज में और अच्छे दिन की एक झलक. यहां दबंगो ने एक औरत को घर से घसीट कर निकाल कर सड़क पे गिरगिरा कर मारा  बच्चें रोते बिलखते रह गए  क़ानून का पूरा देश में मज़ाक बन रहा है।  वीडियो क्लिप में चार लोगों को दिखाया गया है, पीड़िता को उसके घर से बाहर खींच कर ले जाता है और उसके साथ मारपीट करते है। पीड़ित को बचाने की कोशिश करने वाली एक अन्य महिला को भी निशाना बनाया जाता है। यह हमला करीब मीनट तक चलता है और बाद में आनेजाने वाले के हस्तक्षेप के बाद रुकता है।
This brother-in-law caught Sanjay Singh Its Gand should be turned red
Bahujans should use the word 'share' instead of 'reservation'. The word stake refers to our right. Ice cream
गहना का किरदार गोपी से प्रेरित होगा. इसलिए मेकर्स इस रोल की कास्टिंग को काफी अहम मान रहे हैं
The desire of sarfaroshi is in our heart, it is to be seen how loud the arms are in the murderer. Inquilab Zindabad…
Kangana Ranaut will be given the security of Y category government sources
तू कुत्ते की पैखाने की बराबर है जिसको जीते भी साफ करो लेकिन बदबु ही आएगी।
अफ्रीका से सालाना अरब डॉलर की लकड़ियों का आयात करता है, लेकिन अवैध कटाई की वजह से यह अरब डॉलर तक हो सकता है।
Where big legislators are swept away, what about a bridge…
एक नौटंकी वाली को ये सोभा नहीं दे रहा है कमीनी पूजा करते हुए भी प्रचार 
The court has imposed a fine of one rupee on Prashant Bhushan. Prashant Bhushan will have to pay the fine by September. If you fail to submit, then imprisonment for months will have to be deducted, you will be banned from advocating for three months.
Former President Pranab Mukherjee dies, President Ramnath Kovind remembers him this way
The central government is going to privatize all government schools in the country. What is your opinion
If Sushant was mentally ill, then how was he doing business deal the day before his death. See India asks Arnab with Republic on India
People recognized that the biggest achievement of Modi government was to delete the article
Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray targeted actress Kangana Ranaut without naming her. Live
बहुत ही ह्र्दयविदारक घटना इटली की महिला कोरोना की तीसरी और आखरी स्टेज में थी सामने उसका महीने का बच्चा जो बहुत रो रहा था। उसने अपनी आखरी इच्छा डाक्टरों से जाहिर की वो अपने बच्चे को एक बार गले लगाना चाहती हैं डाक्टरों ने उसकी पूरी बॉडी को पारदर्शी मोम से कवर करके बच्चे को उसकी छाती पर लेटा दिया बच्चा तुरंत चुप हो गया और उसकी मां इस दुनिया से अलविदा हो गई ...।। मां की ममता महान हैं।
Sanjeev Balyan has raised the right issue in Muzzafarnagar, the burqa vote is promoting jihad, the burqa should be checked outside the polling booth, the face should be matched, many polling centers are going to cast fake votes by wearing male burqa.
Babasahejackamala, the accused arrived at the station with a plank, the accused Suraj and Manoj reached the police station Malpura to surrender, in which the accused was arrested and sent to jail.
पिछली सरकारों में राजकोषीय घाटा फीसदी के खतरनाक स्तर पर था। आलम यह था कि यूपी को कोई लोन देने को तैयार नहीं था क्योंकि फीसदी से ज्यादा घाटे पर कोई लोन नहीं देता है। योगी जी ने इस घाटे को कम किया और उसे फीसदी के स्तर तक लाए।
Some pictures of the oxygen test drive conducted in different regions of the state yesterday. . . . .
'Haramkhor' means 'noti', Sanjay Raut and 'tu' means 'bhadwa' Kangana Ranaut.
The Shiv Sena, which was known for its Marathi regional Hindu nationalist leanings, has now become secular.
इस्लामिक स्टडीज के चलते ही यूपीएससी में सफल होने वाले मुस्लिम उम्मीदवारों की संख्या बढ़ रही है। लिहाजा इस विषय को सिलेबस से हटाया जाना चाहिए।
किसानों के कल्याण के लिए महत्वपूर्ण कदम।
Delhi Metro: How was the first trip after months
लद्दाख में चीन की चालबाजी पर अमेरिका ने अपनाया सख्त रुख
Petrol Diesel Priceआज कोई फेरबदल नहीं, जानें अपने शहर के दाम via
Third toss to China
Where are BMC dogs now.
अंध भक्तों को नया लॉलीपॉप पकड़ाया गोभी जी ने. अब इसी की आड़ में जीडीपी की विफलता छुपानी हैं IT CELL के मजदूरों को
Former President of India Pranab Mukherjee is no more. His son Abhijeet Mukherjee gave this information on the tweet. Since then, many people, including President Ram Nath Kovind and PM Narendra Modi, are paying tribute to Pranab Mukherjee.
Modi ji's mad dogs were in position. If you have courage, do not show anything and do not bark like a dog.
Wearing slippers, worshiping the land, how many stripes of Hindu religion
Unlock is going to be implemented across the country from today. For this, the Ministry of Home Affairs has issued a guideline
Allah's grace that one bastard's life was reduced to one year.
 सुशांत की मौत में अब तक का सबसे बड़ा खुलासा... केस में अंडरवर्ल्ड कनेक्शन
Please let us know the action taken.
Come see, in LAC, who has the power to uproot tents right now, only one ball will be uprooted, see the Shola of war, the Bhishma pledge of united India at 27 PM
चीनी सेना के आक्रमण से भारतीय सेना के जवान शहीद हो गए हैं।
Got mad at Pappy game, please do not let your children play such games on mobile. By the way, we are also not crazy but take special care of the children.
Good morning, he is telling himself to be a janeudhari who came out of the gurukul like a big leader but no such woman can make a false accusation from above, it threatens Payal to shut up and watch the brother-in-law
क्या जून के बाद सुशांत सिंह राजपूत के घर गई थीं रिया चक्रवर्ती केक संग सेलिब्रेशन से फिर घेरे में एक्ट्रेस
The government in Uttar Pradesh seems to have deliberately weakened law and order. No attempt should be made against BJP's misrule.
An emergency road was constructed within hours after a major disaster in Japan to remove the blockage after the landslide and normalize the flow of traffic.
विक्रांत मैसी और श्वेता त्रिपाठी इस फिल्म में लीड रोल में नज़र आएंगे
The Union Home Minister appealed to all citizens to take a pledge to create a malnutrition-free India on the occasion of III and work in that direction Adequate nutrition for children, pregnant women has always been a high priority of PM
Towards safety of auto drivers, an initiative of ZEE News
अभिनेत्री कंगना रनौत और शिवसेना में रार, जारी है वार और पलटवार। लाइव
Today, it is the turn of the game of tennis star Sania Mirza. Apart from discussing Sania's game, there will be talk of her and Shoaib Malik's love story. So do not forget to watch the stories of the game this afternoon with Rehan Fazal and Suryanshi Pandey.
The rate was fixed in Shaheen Bagh. Puppies of fatima Kafirs enjoyed themselves. The infidels of the Muslim Personal Law Board dug up the Kafirs who had gone out to find maulvi brother-in-law.
Give lasting feeling to love and compassion in relationships. Until we become aware of our value, it will be very difficult to achieve our being. Read, live communication now in English too…
तू फस गई है अपने ही बुने जाल में जहां से निकालना नामुमकिन है यह सोशल मीडिया है जहां से जन्म कुंडली ढूंढ ली जाती है ड्रग सप्लायर थी जो पंजाब हिमाचल से मुंबई सप्लाई करती थी यह पुलिस ढूंढ लेंगे रातोंरात हजारों करोड़ की मालकिन बिना पिक्चर बनाए बिना कोई हिट हीरोइन होते संभव नहीं
Heir Pathan having a peaceful conversation with our policeman. ... his own rules of lockout which he is explaining calmly to our police. The entire nation is following the lockdown. And they have different privileges. If these people become infected with corona, then should our doctors treat these people
You said the right thing, these brothers are not doing anything to advance their own religion, just do evil of another religion.
अनुच्छेद को हटाने के बाद पाकिस्तान में हाहाकार मचा, हिंदुस्तान में खुशी थी। लेकिन राहुल गांधी अचानक संसद से बाहर निकलते हैं और कहते हैं कि हजारों लोगों का कत्लेआम हो गया है। जोकि एक फेक न्यूज़ थी, उन्होंने झूठ कहा था डॉ
Aaron Finch made two big records against England, left behind by only Virat Kohli
Today the opportunity to earn in shares of Coal India and Infosys via
Why protests against Canada government in Canada, New York and London
In Madhya Pradesh yesterday, the infection of people was confirmed. The total number of infected people has been reached. People have lost their lives by this epidemic.
ाजीवकुमार ने आज देश के चुनाव आयुक्त का कार्यभार संभाल लिया है।
से पहले अंबानी की एक लाख करोड़ के भी हैसियत नहीं थी उसने रिलायंस के सिम चलाई थी कुत्ता भी नहीं पूछ रही थी में jio लेकर आती है सरकारी कंपनी बीएसएनएल को सरकार बर्बाद करवाती है जियो के ब्रांड मिस्टर बनकर लाखों करोड़ की फायदा पहुंचा देती है और प्रमाण या इतना काफी है
Watch the regional news Haryana, the accounts of the news related to the state, only at 30 pm daily on Doordarshan Hisar
There is a BJP Chief Minister Viraj Singh Chauhan and the extent was reached when the Chief Minister, who gave the slogan of Beti Padhao and Beti Bachao, forced the police personnel of his own state to sit at the liquor shop for sale.
कमीनी भारत को थू कह रहीहै
इस वर्ष सितंबर में मनाया जा रहा है तीसरा ाष्ट्रीयपोषणमाह विवरण 
Whatever hospital it belongs to, it is very scary
यह तो हद है MA इकोनॉमिक्स हॉस्पिटल के मैनेजर बने सर्जन, केस बिगड़ने पर हॉस्पिटल सील
राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति को अक्षरश लागू करना सामूहिक जिम्मेदारी  प्रधानमंत्री मोदी
गांवों में काम नहीं, अगस्त में देश में बढ़ी बेरोजगारों की फौज via
अंध भक्तों तुम्हारे कोई ऐसे नेता की फोटो हो जो मजदूरों के साथ मुलाकात करते हो उनकी पीड़ा सुनते हुए फोटो होतो फोटो भेजो ाहुलगांधीमजदूरोंकेसाथ
England, Australia, semi-finals today, team to win against New Zealand in the final
कश्मीर में सेना को बड़ी कामयाबी बारामूला के रामपुर सेक्टर में आतंकियों के ठिकानों का भंडाफोड़, एके सीरीज की राइफल समेत भारी मात्रा में गोलाबारूद बरामद
वर्दी में खड़ी महिला रक्षा मंत्री की बेटी है। महिला अधिकारी रक्षा मंत्री निर्मला सीतारमण की बेटी नहीं है
यह कोई फर्जी ट्वीटर अकाउंट जो खुद को कांग्रेस वर्कर और गुजरात से बताताहै यह महिलाओं और लडकीयो को घटिया और घर्षित भाषा में गाली दे रहाहै ऐसे ही अपने घर की महिलाओं को गालीया देता होगा कृपा संज्ञान ले और इसके खिलाफ उचित कारवाई करवाने का कष्टकरे महोदय और महोदया
रिया चक्रवर्ती की जमानत याचिका खारिज होने पर उनके पिता ने कहा है  मुझे मर जाना चाहिए।
This factory, once considered a boon for farmers before independence, has become ruins today, read full story
शाहीन बाग में फिक्स रेट है या मोलभाव भी होता है आज तो मे आगे वाली लाईन मे ही बैठुगी मौलाना आगे वाली की तरफ ज्यादा देखता हैं
Whom Mumbai has given fame to, whom Mumbai has given respect to, whom Mumbai has recognized, it is calling Mumbai as Pakistan, Kaal is cold with his mother, then his mother can also accuse him of being Pakistani.
In Thailand, there is a small waterfall under a mountain, on whose side the mountain Om Om is pronounced and a water fountain rises above the mountain .. It is created by some Buddhist monk. How the water can move above the weight of gravity even by the wave of noise, only a scientist can tell .. Because it is only on Om Bol, it is also a wonder .. It is also known by many Indians. TRAI has also done ..
Is there any Bhoomi Pujan by wearing slippers on the feet? Is he a devotee of which mindset? Friends
सच्चाई सबके सामने है लेकिन महाराष्ट्र सरकार किसी को बचाना चाहती है। बताओ कौन..
बिहार पटना पहुंचे शक्ति सिंह गोहिल, कहा महागठबंधन में सीट बंटवारे को लेकर विवाद नहीं
सावधान—सावधान—सतर्क  अपने घर की और पड़ोस की औरतों को मना करें कि किसी भी कश्मीरी से कम्बल और कपड़े आदि सामान न खरीदे देखिये कपडा बेचने वाले के वेश मे उग्रवादी घूम रहे है शक होने पर पंजाब मे पकडा गया आतंकी साथ मे पिस्टल और लोडेड मैगजीन
In view of the fear of Corona, students have to take many precautions. Their temperature is being checked before entry, they are being sanitized. Many students have also brought their own sanitizer with them.
Tips for mental patients at the time of
आंध्र प्रदेश के कर्नूल मेडिकल कॉलेज में, लोकल विधायक हाफ़ीज खान ने एक नर्स को एक मौलवी के पैर छूकर माफ़ी माँगने पर मजबूर किया। कारण यह की नर्स अपने सहयोगियों से कह रही थी, अगर ये लोग जो मार्काज़ जाते हैं, अगर वे ख़ुद क्वारंटाइन पर गए होते, तो यह स्थिति पैदा नहीं होती।
उच्चतर शिक्षा के क्षेत्र में, इस शिक्षा नीति की अनुशंसाओं का समयबद्ध पालन सुनिश्चित करने के लिए विश्वविद्यालयों के कुलपतियों तथा शिक्षकों की वेकेन्सीज पर अतिशीघ्र सुयोग्य व्यक्तियों को नियुक्त करने की आवश्यकता है।
Sadhvi Prachi has targeted the Shiv Sena and the Congress for Kangana Ranaut. He said that it has become the nature of Shiv Sena and Thackeray family to insult women
People of India are fascinated to give thanks; Pakistan's stock market has become the fourth stock market in the world. With growth its economy is going well. India's GDP is showing the result of going to the country in the hands of the corrupt minus fool.
ब्रिटेन की अदालत में नीरव मोदी के प्रत्यर्पण पर दूसरे चरण की पांच दिवसीय सुनवाई शुरू
अपने मानसिक स्वास्थ्य को पूरी तरह से स्वस्थ रखने के लिये इन सरल उपायों का पालन करें। किसी भी प्रकार की मनोसामाजिक सहायता के लिए NIMHANS के टोल फ्री हेल्पलाइन पर कॉल करें। बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार।
The Air India Express plane crash in Kozhikode, Kerala is very sad. I pray to God to give the departed souls a place in their shrines and to give their families the power to bear this suffering. ॐ Peace. I wish the injured well soon.
मित्रों भारत का वह नकली परिवार का नाम बताओ  जो अपने आप को भारत रत्न दे देता है.
UP's IAS officer report surprised by CBI's lawsuit over his senior partner
तू कमीना है और बचेगा नही यह तय है । और तेरा गिरोह कुछ कर नही पाएगा ।
जी हाँ पश्चिम बंगाल किसी के बाप की जमिंदारी नही कि वो जो मर्जी चाहे करे. भाजपाई लोंगो की बंदर बांट की शुरुवात है चुनाव ,महीने भी बाकी नही और ममता ही एकमात्र सारे देश मे है जो मोदी के पोल खोलने मे माहिर है, उल्लू बना रहे ये धनकर मोदी का दूत क्यो नही तेलिनीपारा जाता है
The more teachers and parents are connected to education policy, the more students are connected, the more its relevance and comprehensiveness increases. Lakhs of people of the country, living in the city, living in the village, people related to education sector, had given their feedback for this, PM Modi had given their suggestions
कब्र में जाने की उम्र में ये आतंकी हूर पाने की तमन्ना लिए भीड़ में बमब्लास्ट करने के लिए जा ही रहा था कि सेना ने इसे पकड़ लिया। इनके सोच को गहराई से समझने परमावश्यकता है।
One thing was not understood when Tahir Hussain is an accused and a lot of objectionable items were found on the roof of his house, should the Delhi Police have sealed that house or left it to build an arena for the media. Someone please explain me
डॉ. पद्मावती ‘मदर ऑफ़ कार्डियोलॉजी’ की वर्षों की सार्थक जीवन यात्रा पूरी
Sushant's case, Chupangana's case Chupanto on death in Palghar, Chupamandr's case Chupamandra's case, Drugs case, Suddenly speaking, Poori Tutiya Makhor Terrorist Older Sorry, I respect women who did not respect the woman.
My dear unemployed young friends, today is September, today once again, through social media, we will make a strong effort to break the government's sleep.
Say, put SPG in the protection, the children of the terrorists will also get the government, then when you will come to work, funding can come for spreading terror, then why not for them Real Face of AAP ..
It has started the tradition of spoon kernel in the army. Speaks the language of the agenda of power.
In the Congress government, the terrorists seized Hazratbal Dargah in Srinagar on October. Take people hostage. The jawan reached the dargah the next day and surrounded it. Terrorists started talking to the government. Days later, all the terrorists were allowed to go to safety. Some were taken across the Pakistan border.
कश्मीर में कश्मीर की बिटिया की बलात्कार आम बात बनी हुई विरोध की आवाज उठाने पर आतंकवादी बताकर ठोक देते हैं
सुवर आज़म खान ने फिर एक बार साबित किया समाजवादी पार्टी के संस्कार। रामपुर की जनता को ये तय करना है कि आप अपनी माताबहुबेटी की सुरक्षा इन जिहादी आजम को सोंपना चाहते है कि नही  Bjp को आज़म खान पर कड़ी से कड़ी कार्यवाही करनी चाहिए ुवरआज़मखान ाजवादीपार्टी
Pakistan attacks India
It is important to know that the history of Ashutosh Nath, who is considered Shakespeare of Bhojpuri, is shrinking in the pages of history.
Just got the BSDK done, the disrespectful goat
For Modi ji, development means privatization of all industries and businesses. It is right-wing political thinking and industrial policy, there is no place for social justice in it; in the right way, the progress of the country is possible only when taking every section of society together Let go
किसी सरफेस से संक्रमण का कितना खतरा रहता है    
मुल्ले साले राम जी के होने का सबूत ऐसे मांगते हैं जी जैसे अल्लाह का आधार कार्ड जेब में लेकर घूमते हैं भौसडी के। हिन्दू शेरों दहाड़ दो जय जय श्री राम
सच्चाई सामने आ ही गयी।ब्राम्हणो की हार हुई। अयोध्या में कोई शिवलिंग नही।बुद्धस्तुप ही है।
The pain and pain of the teachers who have completed the entire process, Chief Minister. And Minister of School Education. If you do not understand, then there is doubt about your being a human being. Immediately join these teachers and let them do the work of creating the future of children.
   ये मेरे जिले जालोर ,राजस्थान की घटना है  लहूलुहान व्यक्ति का दोष केवल इतना है कि ये बाबा साहब के विचारों को…
A ninth failed fraudster who was described by the Kerala Police as a DRDO employee was caught on charges of cheating, rigging and embezzlement.
If someone in the house gets a cold etc. what precautions should be taken
कभी शर्मीली लड़की थी ये IPS अधिकारी, आज आतंकरोधी अभियान का कर रही नेतृत्व
Listen to Pakistan and Nepal, as much as your population is not so much, our great man has snatched up a job in our country, come to your senses, mind is as hot
Do not be praised as much as you guys have work, I am also full family unemployed with you, social media should now go on the road as a movement
Maharashtra Home Minister said that Kangana does not have the right to live in Mumbai and Maharashtra. The actress hit back, saying that she is coming to Mumbai on September, if any father has courage, then stop. With this, he compared the Maharashtra government to the Taliban.
The work of the Bihar Police personnel who have crossed the age of one year will be reviewed, the department issued the order report:
 रनों से सेमीफाइनल जीतने के बाद केन विलियमसन बोले भारत ने बताया क्यों वो दुनिया की बेहतरीन टीम है
ईरान के पास मिला गुना ज़्यादा यूरेनियम, परमाणु हथियार बनाने की है तैयारी स्टोरी टीम बीबीसी हिन्दी आवाज़ मोहम्मद शाहिद
. Practicing fiercely for the team, the team shared the video
The Pulwama attack was a well-planned conspiracy by the BJP and carried out a fake attack on Pakistan, Imran Khan is helping Modi to win the election. Balakot has been bombed with the consent of Imran Khan. Wing greeting
मुंबई में नॉरकोटिक्स कंट्रोल ब्यूरो की छापेमारी
भारतचीन तनाव बातचीत भी, झड़प भी, दोनों कैसे
Sovereign Gold Bond: The government is giving cheaper gold, the next installment will be released on August via
Sushant Singh Rajput's father KK Singh has demanded a CBI inquiry through tweet
Aye dil hai mushkil jina hai zara hat hai
Our daughters will be safe, daughters are being persecuted constantly in the BJP government.
Many restrictions of lockdown removed in Bihar, know new guidelines
The Canadian sniper has shot down Islamic State IS militants from more than three and a half kilometers away in Iraq.
ओणम की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं राजा महाबली देशवासियों के जीवन में स्वास्थ्य और खुशहाली का आशीर्वाद दें।
राम मंदिर का निर्माण सत्ता के पॉवर का दुरुपयोग करके किया जा रहा है, जब मुगलों के पास पॉवर था तब बाबरी मस्जिद बना आज ब्राह्मणो के पास सत्ता है तो राम मंदिर बन रहा है कल मूलनिवासी बहुजनों के पास सत्ता होगी तो उस मंदिर का क्या होगा इसलिए राम ाममंदिरकापोस्टमार्टम करना जरूरी है।
प्रियजनों, पायलट साब के सोसल मिडिया पर जैसे व्हाट्सअप ग्रुप फसबूक ग्रुप, ये सारे ग्रुप बन्द रहेंगे, सभी के लिए जनादेश आज रात मध्यरात्रि से देश भर में आपदा प्रबंधन अधिनियम लागू हो गया है। इस अपडेट के अनुसार, सरकार विभाग के अलावा किसी अन्य नागरिक को किसी भी अपडेट को पोस्ट करने या कोरोना वायरस से संबंधित किसी भी साझा करने की अनुमति नहीं है और यह दंडनीय अपराध है। कृपया इसका सख्ती से पालन करें।
Mother and her son lived in a very poor family. They had only one chair. Sometimes the son sits, sometimes the mother sits
And unicorn swami, you are not doing much to know what is happening to the people, Sala, you tempted the people of the country by giving a lure of 15 lakhs to come to power, and you say, Congress is doing it, so it is doing itself first. Look at what you are doing to Sahib. You are better than Sunday
Do yoga, be successful, the successful operation of the knees of Baba Ramdev in Germany, you should adopt Swadeshi. This man used to say that by drinking urine and eating cow dung, the disease is cured and the disease is cured and does not eat itself and feeds others.
Oppo F17 Pro will come in other market in the name of Oppo A93
NEWS18 इंडिया पर EXCLUSIVE बातचीत में संदीप सिंह ने दावा किया कि उसने सुशांत को कभी भी ड्रग्स लेते नहीं देखा. देखें संदीप सिंह से पूरी बातचीत.
Who is speaking bluntly, India is closed here, the whole market is open, the vehicle is running a gallop, the sun is spreading its aura and the rate of the Shaheen Bagh is being fixed with the cup of tea on the street, it will not be sold, it will not be sold, it will not be closed.
मध्यप्रदेश में किसान आत्महत्या पे विवश हैं, युवा बेरोज़ार हैं,शिक्षा और स्वास्थ्य जैसी बुनियादी सुविधाओं की हालत जर्जर है, प्रदेश पहले से कर्ज तले दबा हुआ है और . अपने चलने के लिए आलीशान हवाई जहाज खरीद रहे हैं। . . .
माँ भारती के अनन्य उपासक, के प्रथम स्वतंत्रता संग्राम के महानायक, अवध की शान और बैसवारे के मान, अप्रतिम वीर एवं अद्भुत सेनानायक राना बेनी माधव बख्श सिंह जी को उनकी वीं जयंती पर कोटिशः नमन। आपका ऋषि तुल्य जीवन हम सभी के लिए एक महान प्रेरणा है।
In Maujpur and Shiv Vihar areas of Delhi, Hindu homes were forcibly entered and mothers and sisters were killed.
उत्तर प्रदेश के मुज़फ़्फ़रनगर में एक घायल मुस्लिम मौलवी की तस्वीर जिन्हें पुलिस द्वारा कथित रूप से पीटा गया था
सफेद कपड़े पहने एक व्यक्ति महिला की साड़ी खींचता दिख रहा है। महिला से बदसुलूकी करता यह शख्स कर्नाटक का कांग्रेस विधायक फारूख इमाम हुसैन है।
India with China's tank regiment face to face, see what will happen to war
   ब्रेकिंग न्यूज़ कानपुर में एक बार फिर से सामने रिटर्न आय लव जिहाद.. भक्तों मुल्ले इतने पसंद भी आतें हैं और नफ़रत…
बहुजन बोलते हैं बहुजन की राज होगी कैसे होगी जनसंख्या आपकी ईवीएम आपकी नहीं चुनाव आयोग आप की नहीं न्यायपालिका आपकी नहीं सिस्टम में आपका अधिकारी नहीं फिर राज्य कैसे लाओगे जनसंख्या से नहीं ला पाओगे जनसंख्या वोट करेगी वोट को ईवीएम पलट देगी बहुजन गुलाम हैं आजादी की लड़ाई लड़नी होगी
स्टैचू ऑफ यूनिटी, वहीँ दूसरी तरफ है उसकी परस्पर विरोधाभासी तस्वीर एक गरीब महिला के अपने बच्चों को फुटपाथ पर खाना खिलाती हुई तस्वीर  ये तस्वीर अवाक् कर देती है ...
पश्चिम बंगाल में नवरात्रि के लिए बनाई जा रही माता की मूर्तियों को खंडित किया गया।
यूपीः मेरठ में बढ़ता कोरोना संक्रमण बना चिंता का विषय, जनता को जागरूक करने में जुटा प्रशासन
No media will show that MLA met Rajnath Singh and demanded to get cab and NRC Baps
We are losing the Delhi Assembly elections because we are working against our Delhi leadership like Praveesh Verma, Harsh Vardhan and Ramesh Bidhuri Party. Their enemy is from me.
In Upsc Hindu child can sit bar while Momin bar. A big conspiracy is happening with friends
On August, when ground commanders of both sides were meeting to reduce tension. Chinese troops again acted provocatively. Due to timely steps, the Indian side managed to thwart these efforts: External Affairs Ministry
आत्मनिर्भर भारत की तस्वीर जो खून के आंसू रोने पर मजबूर कर दे
कश्मीर में वोट से पहले नमो धुन पर नाचते कश्मीरी – नमो नमो  कमल का बटन दबा
ओ सुप्रीम कोर्ट आले ताऊ कर दे postponed नीट
‘राष्ट्रीय भर्ती एजेंसी‘ पर सरकार का निर्णय भर्ती क्षेत्र में बहुत अहम बदलाव वाला साबित होगा जो भर्ती को गांवों और शहरों तक ले जाएगा  केंद्रीय मंत्री विवरण 
Rashtriya Verma Mukti Abhiyan is being launched from today on the occasion of National Worm Liberation Day. About crore children, adolescent girls will be benefited through the campaign. The campaign will be conducted in four phases in August, September, October and November.
The verbal war between Kangana Ranaut and Shiv Sena. BMC raids Kangana's office in Mumbai
लॉकडाउन के चलते धरती की हालत ठीक हो रही है और ओजोन परत पर बना सबसे बड़ा छिद्र बंद हो गया है
BRO set up new machines in IndiaChina Rift Ladakh, better way for soldiers
DSP Davindarsingh caught with two Hizbul militants in Kashmir gets bail… rapist BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar gets bail
If you want to save the existence of Hindutva in future. So not ordinary Hindus become hardcore Hindus. This is the demand of the present time
सरेबाजार छेड़खानी करने पर लाइव पिटाई, मजनूं को लड़की से छेड़खानी करना पड़ा महंगा, लड़की के परिजनो ने मजनूं की जमकर की धुनाई, उरई के कालपी बस स्टैंड की घटना िक्षकोंकोनियुक्तिपत्र
जितनी आवाज बेरोजगारी दूर करने की उठ रही है, उससे अधिक जनसंख्या नियंत्रण की उठनी चाहिए। क्योंकि बढ़ती हुई जनसंख्या ही बेरोजगारी की जननी है।
ऐसा नही है हम लोग जब ताली और थाली बजाते है तो पुरी दुनिया देखती है,रही मुल्लो को तो वह साले डरे हुये हिदू है जो खूजटट वाली दाढी और जालीदार टोपी पहनते है,दुनिया मे उनके जैसा हरामी नही है
Remove privatization, eradicate unemployment.
Every Ram devotee will build the temple there, says Jai Jai Shri Ram
बेरूत धमाके के बाद लेबनान की सरकार ने दिया इस्तीफ़ा बेरूत में अनजाने में हुये धमामे की जिम्मेदारी लेने हुये लेबनान की सरकार इस्तीफा दे देती है दूसरी और भारत में धमाका करवा कर सैनिकों की हत्या करवा कर उनके नाम पर वोट लेकर सरकार बनाते
उर्वरक विभाग, से सितंबर, तक स्वच्छता पखवाड़ा मना रहा है महामारी के प्रकोप को देखते हुए इस वर्ष स्वच्छता पखवाड़ा और भी महत्वपूर्ण केंद्रीय मंत्री विवरण
चीन ने की घुसपैठ की कोशिश, इस हिमाकत का जवाब देगा हिंदुस्तान।
गिरी हुई इकोनॉमी देखकर चाइना सोचेगा, ऐसी गिरी हुई कंट्री का एरिया क्या लेना फिर जब चाइना चला जाएगा तब, फटाफट से इकोनॉमी को ऊपर ले आएंगे
The Chandigarh administration has issued a night curfew for the first time from September to night from morning till morning by issuing an unlocked guideline.
यह विडीयो राजस्थान का है एक हिन्दू लडकी को मारा ओर घर मे लेजाकर बलात्कार किया वहा कि पूलीस भी कूछ नही कर रही क्यू कि ये जो लड़के हे जो मुस्लिम है वहा मुस्लिम आबादी जादा हे आज इसके साथ हूवा हे कल आप के साथ भी होगा अगर जीना है तो इन राक्षसो का देश से खात्मा करना होगा आगे आप लोगो कि मर्जी ।
जीडीपी में गिरावट से बढ़ती है बेरोजगारी, जानें क्या भारत में भी घटेंगे नौकरी के अवसर via
The poor will get houses on rent at a cheaper rate, the government made this arrangement via
को कुछ दिन से अकेला फील हो रहा था, फिर मोदी जी ने की और उसको कम्पनी दे डाली...
ये कमीनी उससे ज्यादा घटिया है जितना मैंने सोचा था
पश्चिम बंगाल की स्थिति सबसे खराब है,हुगली के तेलिनिपारा इलाके में,दंगा हो रहा है HM अमित शाह को स्थिति पर गौर करना चाहिए अवार्ड वापिस गैंग कहाँ है क्या वे पत्रकार जो भारतीय प्रवासियों के रूप में बांग्लादेश में रोहिंग्याओं की छवि साझा करने में व्यस्त हैं,यहां कुछ कहेंगे
Ask all the small shopkeepers, your life will be cut off without mobile and there is no customer, then only mobile is left to cut the day. Where will my business go
आज ाम में ये हालत है तो कल यूपी और दिल्ली में नजर जरूर आएंगे बल्कि दिल्ली में तो देश भर के कोनेकोने से आकर लोग बसे हुए हैं, वो कहां से अपने कागज दिखायेंगे।
Do not be afraid to breastfeed during Ovid 19, but take all precautions to prevent the spread of infection as advised by others. Via
The sailors came forward to help the families, saying no one would sleep hungry
on Riya Chakraborty's parents going to CBI guest house for inquiry, watch YouTube live TV on Republic India
और करो मन की बात डिसलाइक  ट्विटर और वेबसाइट अकाउंट
इतिहास के पन्ने पलटे भाई मुगलों के समय से लेकर अंग्रेजों की समय तक राज करने के लिए बिस्तर गर्म की है अलाउद्दीन खिलजी ने पद्मावती को रखैल बना ली थी जोधा को अकबर ने रीना ठाकुर के बीजेपी नेता ने रातों की रानी तो हजारों की रानी है इसकी बातें छोड़ दीजिए
MP quad rear camera setup will also be given ..
pure bjp Andhbhaktani. bitch.
   जौनपुरिया जी फिर से कॉरोना पॉजिटिव, ना आग के अंगारों के बीच में बैठना काम आया और ना ही कीचड़ में बैठकर संख बजाना।  मिनट…
One audio clip tells the police to take stern steps to enforce the day's lockdown, while another clip claims that India will see a rapid rise in coronavirus cases since March.
Students angry over not receiving TC fiercely raised slogans against school management
मेट्रो ट्रेन और स्टेशनों को हर तीनचार घंटे के बाद सैनिटाइज किया जाएगा। यात्रा के लिए टोकन और समार्ट कार्ड दोनों ही मान्य हैं। यात्रियों को अधिकतम सुरक्षा प्रदान करने के लिए पहली बार लखनऊ में मेट्रो टोकन पराबैंगनी किरणों से संक्रमण मुक्त किये जाएंगे।
LIVE  कदम कदम बढ़ाए जा, चीन का अतिक्रमण हटाए जा 
घर में नहीं दाने, चीन चला कब्जा जमाने  देखिए देशहित 55 PM पर के साथ
Ishaan Khattar and Ananya Pandey's film will be released on OTT, will also be able to watch through satellite connection
   किसी के तलवे न चाटकर अपना फर्ज निभाने वाले अफसर संजीव भट्ट की रिहाई कब.... rt करो न करो लाइक करो न करो आवाज रोज बुलन्द…
Like before the humiliating defeat at the Opinion, the current Indian administration takes an aggressive stance and is ignoring friendly signals from Beijing. China always feels confused about those aggressive behaviors.
This piece is not stuck in the nose, it has been stolen and put it inside the sister of blind devotees, it will be easy for the water to fall.
SBI cap proposal approved for six projects of Amrapali
This video is from Galvan Valley. And Indian soldiers are celebrating Ganesh festival there.
साला शर्म आता है कि ऐसे गुंडे बदमाश संसद और सिस्टम में हैं। भारत में बहुत सारी पार्टियां देखी चाहे कांग्रेस हो बीजेपी हो सपा हो या एनसीपी हो. लेकिन सबसे ज्यादा नीच बदतमीज अगर किसी पार्टी में हैं तो वह आम आदमी पार्टी है। कमीनो को पीएम बनने की बहुत जल्दी है। ंजयसिंहगुंडाहै
Be careful, be cautious, avoid infection, save yourself, save others as well. Especially pregnant women, children, elderly or those who are already ill, take special care of them ACS, Medicine and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Nevertheless, the government only lies and tries to divert attention from the real issues.
Care ratings upgraded JSL's credit facility rating via
Whoever you are, you love the tree, you only take money here but you have neither heart nor mind and you are from whom all the people of your family will die a dirty death, and then you will know what death is. A number of bastards
In the Jain market of Ambala city, a mullet tried to rape a girl of the year in which the women of the place caught her naked and drove her and such a disgusting person should have the strictest legal action.
Now this buff Randi will tell what is right for the farmer, has ever gone to the field, doing a movie and sitting on a fake spring horse does not become the queen of Jhansi.
Why didn't Harbhajan Singh go to Dubai with the team
 मीडिया से बदसलूकी के बाद बोले शेखर सुमन कुछ लोग मीडिया का गला घोंटना चाहते हैं
विकास दुबे एनकाउंटर के बाद यूपी पुलिस इस तरह जश्न मना रही है।
Police arrested drunk people present in rave party, women were also present
The queen of the nights started spewing poison, the history of casteism has been read, from the Mughals to the British all the time, you have to bid yourself every minute you have to sleep with the hero to work in the film, according to this you slept with thousands Will Rajput society consider such dirty daughter
In Gwalior, on seeing Maharaj with slippers in his hand, people are asking if the Congress had left for this honor.
The central government is providing tractors for half the price under the PM Kisan Tractor Scheme.
Quote the monkey, Jaya Singh Gundahay
Know the circumstances under which insurance company will not cover the health insurance
रिया ने सुशांत की बहन प्रियंका को क्यों किया टारगेट  इस कोरियोग्राफर ने किया खुलासा
हमसे चाइना के सामान का बहिष्कार करने को कहते हैं और खुद बैंक ऑफ चाइना को भारत मे ब्रांच खोलने की अनुमति देते हैं वाह साहब वाह
बाहुबली फिल्म के अभिनेता ्रभास की ाजपा में धमाकेदार एन्ट्री… आंध्र प्रदेश में भाजपा की टिकट से लड़ेंगे लोक सभा चुनाव
हम कहीं भी रह रहे हो लेकिन कोई हमारी जन्मभूमि को गलत बोले ये हमें कतई पसंद नहीं....
If the membership of this dog is dissolved, it is a criminal, if its old record is dug, then it is a jail, instead of this bastard, Delhi is a conspiracy for the riots, because Amit Shah, who used to check it, it is time to change the constitution of the blue coat. Of
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी का निधन 
The Joker's puppies handed themselves over to the CBI. In brother-in-law murder, you will be hanged very soon. Till when will this Joker save Uddhav, you will make your calculation up very soon. How is Uddhav Joker born to Balasaheb on Chutia? Donkey, punk, chutia, clown.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has given the European Union until October for a trade agreement
देश के कई राज्यों में शुरू हुई मेट्रो सेवाएं, सब जगह कोविड19 के तहत सावधानियों का रखा जा रहा है ध्यान 
The sister-in-law raised her eyes towards the poor man and said that we have never seen a lioness. Drug licking and now licking people's minds
दिल्ली प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति को उनके आवास , राजाजी मार्ग पर दी श्रद्धांजलि. Photo ANI
Live Updates विश्व भर के नेताओं ने दी प्रणब मुखर्जी को श्रद्धांजलि, आज बजे अंतिम संस्कार
Here is the cheapest Realme V3 with G connectivity, know the price and specifications
Rahul is not the son of Rajiv Gandhi, claims an American DNA expert. Is Rahul Gandhi not the child of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi
The farmers who have camped in Delhi are all Naxalites. It is a traitor, if Kejriwal has no work except to make Kejriwal a hospital and a school, if Rahlu waives loans in Punjab and Karnataka, then Modi ji is very big of corporate This loan is forgiven, this farmer is a hurdle for the progress of the country and this is the tweet from this Twitter handle for blue tick.
Prayagraj Dr. Kafeel Khan gets big relief, Allahabad High Court lifts NSA, order for release
Film to be made on Sushant case, film shooting will start from September
Virat Kohli's important statement on IPL-like playoffs in Cricket World Cup.
Covid19 JEE Mains Examination amidst strict rules, glimpse of new normal
Sri Guru Granth Sahib is a pioneer in human welfare, educated with the teachings of humanity, harmony and intimacy. Congratulations to the first light festival of Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji, Guru Ashish be with us all.
विडियो कॉन्फ्रेंसिंग से केंद्रीय मंत्री ने नवसृजित पटना साहिब डाक प्रमंडल, नवसृजित लोहियानगर प्रधान डाकघर एवं खुसरुपूर उप डाकघर भवन का किया लोकार्पण विवरण 
Today, the world is discussing about the fast changing jobs, nature of work in future. This policy will prepare the youth of the country on both fronts, knowledge and skills according to the needs of the future.
See conspiracy to grab money by building trust
अबे साले, इतिहास भुगोल मे, मे तेरा बाप हु, मेरे नाम के पिछे सरनेम नहि पढा क्या. Away from me.
ये तीस करोड़ देश जलाने वाले दिल्ली जयपुर बंगलुरू जलाने वाले कोरोना फैलाकर देश को आर्थिक तबाही देनें वाले दानव जल्लाद अल्पसंख्यक मुसलमान दानव बम है विस्फोटक से भी अधिक विस्फोटक है इन सबों को बालू की रेत में बोरी मे भरकर अरब की रेत मे डिफ्यूज़ कर इन कुत्तों का खेल ख़त्म करो  yes
गंदी नाली के कीड़े अपनी माँ से पूछ किस हरामखोर से पैदा हुआ है तू । साले हलाला की औलाद
The person who is fighting the entire BJP RSS, dock media, BJP IT cell alone is our leader.
Give employment, not jumla.
   नेहरू जी अय्याश थे  गोबर भक्त इतने कॉन्फिडेंस से कहते हैं जैसे उनकी दादी ने पर्सनली वेरिफाई करके बताया हो. क्यों…
मान्य मामा जी यदि भूमाफिया का मामला है तो ये आपके कार्यकाल में ही क्यों होता है भूमाफिया भी आपके छेत्र और अवेध उत्खनन भी आपके छेत्र में ऐसा क्यों होता है और कार्यवाही भी करनीचाहिए। परन्तु उनका संगरक्षण कोन कर रहा है ये किसी एक किशन की मौत नही है येपूरे प्रदेश के किसानों की मौत है
Homemakers discuss with our scientists in the discovery of the drug of corona virus.
Terrorist Donation by Congress
Like Jallianwala Bagh, the British also fired in this district of Bihar, people were martyred
Leader city Saurabh Dwivedi is talking with Rajdeep Sardesai. On these issues, the GDP of the country fell, now what will happen in the future, what is the government's applause amidst the tension between the youth and China, challenging the government with the help of digital activism.
अभी भी आप सब सपा, बसपा, कांग्रेस, AAP में वफ़ा ढूंढ रहे हो.. बड़े ही नादान हो दोस्तों ज़हर की शीशी में दवा ढूंढ रहे हो.. 
विश्व के पहले नंबर के टेनिस खिलाड़ी नोवाक जोकोविच अमरीकी ओपन टेनिस से बाहर हो गए हैं। जोकोविच को चौथे दौर के मुकाबले में रेफरी द्वारा अयोग्य घोषित होने के बाद टूर्नामेंट से बाहर होना पड़ा।
India China Border News Indian soldiers failed the provocative effort of Chinese soldiers
तमिल में इसे सुरगा पक्षी कहा जाता है। इस वीडियो को कैप्चर करने में फोटोग्राफरों को दिन लगे। इस असामान्य पक्षी का वीडियो शेयर करें।
Prakash Javadekar This haramzada kamina dog is of the leftist ideology, 6 years, this bastard did nothing except to deal with grunts, he is a lowly man planted by Sonia, cheating Modi ji
में युवक की गोली मारकर हत्या, में बुजुर्ग से लूटपाट Crime Diary
Every bill gets a majority in the Rajya Sabha to get it passed, not getting it for this work is found for three divorces, but got forward forward got reservation too
कुछ कमियां संविधान में रही होगी तभी तो संविधान के अनुरूप नहीं चल पा रहे हैं यह यदि संविधान में कमियां नहीं होती तो मजाल है संविधान के खिलाफ जाकर कोई काम कर दे
The foundation of Hindutva has been laid by Modiji. Believe it, Yogiji will build a magnificent building on it. May all be with them Jai Shri Ram
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी जी को विनम्र श्रद्धांजलि
कराची में जिन्ना गार्डन इलाके में पाकिस्तान इंटरनेशनल एयरलाइंस की का क्रैश होने से पहले का आखिरी फोटो
रामायण देखकर यह अदभुत ज्ञान मिला। रावण के दरबार में सब चमचे थे और प्रभु श्रीराम जी के सेना में सब भक्त थे 
Vice Admiral SR Sarma, AVSM, VSM Contents, takes over as Chief of Indian Navy
India's break on China's expansionism
चोरो अब जवाब है MP के CM ाथ के निजी सचिव के घर से करोड़ कैश बरामद महीने मे ही मान गये गुरु गजब का प्रशिक्षण देती है कांग्रेस चोरी का ने सही चौकीदारी की
Attempted to infiltrate the LAC in Chumar of Ladakh, but Chinese soldiers fled after seeing the vigil of the Indian Army.
में चुनाव से पहले बदलेगा BJP ऑफिस का पता, ये हो सकता है नया ठिकाना Ganga Prime
 सुशांत केस रिपब्लिक मीडिया के सवालों पर गौरव आर्या ने साधी चुप्पी, कैमरे से भागते दिखे
Sushil Modi said coalition politics in Bihar is a reality, no party can form government on its own
All the temples were there, the temple is there, the temple will be there.
आज जनपद गोरखपुर में कृषि मंडी का निरीक्षण किया तथा किसानों एवं व्यापारियों से वार्ता कर मंडी समिति द्वारा प्रदत्त सुविधाओं व्यवस्थाओं के विषय में जानकारी प्राप्त की।
लाख रूपये महीने की तनख्वाह पर एक लेडी मेकअप आर्टिस्ट के हाथो सज धज कर रोने निकले नौटंकीबाज।
West Bengal has implemented "Sharia law" in a village, fatwa is issued in this village for those who watch TV, drink alcohol, keep phones, listen to songs and punish ...
देश अगर खतरे में हो तो यह भाग जाते हैं आखिर यह मा बेटे कहां जाते है कोई जबाब देगा,  ऐसा कौन सा गुप्त रोग का इलाज है जो भारतीय डॉक्टर नहीं कर सकते 
ैनपुरी में युवक की मॉब लिंचिंग में मौत, लिंचिंग के दौरान दलित युवक की मौत, मैनपुरी में दलित युवक को पीटकर मार डाला।
The stock of fake notes was caught from Gujarat and the consignment of fake notes found in the car of honest union supporter Mr. Ketan Dave ... RBI should be closed and given the job of printing and operating currency.
In the case of Dr. Kafeel, the High Court's order to immediately release him and not impose NSA on him is a strong slap on the dictatorial face of the Uttar Pradesh government.
Big news: FIR filed against Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's personal secretary Sandeep Singh and Congress state president Ajay Lallu. Accused of giving wrong information in the list of buses to the Uttar Pradesh government given by the Congress for migrant laborers, the number of buses and auto and ambulance numbers were found.
फैसला टेलीकॉम कंपनियां साल तक चुका सकेंगी एजीआर की रकम, अगले साल एक अप्रैल से शुरू होगी टाइमलाइन देरी और डिफॉल्ट पर ब्याज और पेनाल्टी लगेगी
पालघर मॉब लिचिंग पीड़ित परिवार ने की सीबीआई जांच की मांग, CID से असंतुष्ट
वह गब्बू फेकू अंबानी अडानी के रिश्तेदार नागपुर वाली एम्स बन गई बिहार के दरभंगा वाली एम्स तो में ही अलार्म्स कर दिया था चुनाव देखते फेंकने लगा झूठ
इलाहाबाद हाईकोर्ट ने दिया डॉ. कफील खान की जल्द रिहाई का आदेश, भड़काऊ भाषण के लिए हुए थे गिरफ्तार
Bihar Health Department has confirmed the corona virus by re-examining the poultry hen.
It was good that we were not marshals, otherwise the ticket would have been slammed by Blackia and the father would have put petrol in the ass ... Small Sanjay Singh
The two women seen in the picture are one
If UP police had done the investigation of Sushant case instead of CBI, then Riya's relatives would return to their homes after eating food at his thirteen…
The crooks are committing the crimes without fear of the police in the state, then the miscreants committed the double murder incident, the young man was shot dead, the villain who killed the murderer was killed by the villagers in the presence of the police,
कन्हैया कुमार के मुसलमान होने का इससे बड़ा सबूत और क्या चाहिए आपको वीडियो जरूर देखना
India meeting on Moscow border dispute between IndiaChina, India said China left its expansionary policy report:
JEE examinations across the country from tomorrow, students and their parents in Mumbai are allowed to travel by local train
This photo is of a man who was caught kidnapping children in Egypt. The caption has been given with the picture spreading on WhatsApp. Meet Jamia's female protester.
एक भारतीय जवान के मुँह से सुने  उसने कहा हमारे प्रधानमंत्री हमें नहीं समझ सकते  हमारे एक भी शब्द को नहीं सुन सकते  हमारे साथ कश्मीरी मुसलामानों को मारने के लिए ज़बरदस्ती की जाती है  यदि वो हमारी आवाज़ सुने डिटेल के लिए यह वीडियो देखें
Punjab Police's big decision after 'tweet'
 ब्यूरोक्रेसी के गले की फांस बन रहा भाजपा सांसदों से टकराव
The so-called SANTIDOOT Muslims demanding the confession of the tawaavir Taufa, Dhoda District in Jodhpur
Our farmers have proved their strength even in these difficult conditions of Corona. I congratulate the farmers of the country, salute their hard work.
कृपया संज्ञान में लेकर आवश्यक कार्यवाही करें।
मां बेटे रुटीन हेल्थ चेक अप के लिये विदेश गये, क्या नेहरु जी के बनाये एम्स मे यह सुविधा नही है क्या.. अब संसद मे आंख कौन मारेगा  
Police arrested the smugglers, kilo hemp recovered from the possession of the smugglers, smugglers arrested with loaders, Indergarh police arrested the smugglers.
कोई ना सारे एग्जाम कराए फिर लिस्ट में अच्छी जगह आ जाएगी  अभी तो ही है इसे कम से कम 400तक करना है। कुछ भी बोलने का logic नहीं रहा ये लोग में।
Sushant's family lawyer Sushant was given drugs without knowing
A woman has been the cause of destruction of every egoist, there are many examples from Dwapar to Kalyug. Sankirani Kangana…
Both the wives left you when a human being says that he is crazy, but when he says the whole world, then assume that you are my son…
The Chief Minister has directed the District Collectors of the flood affected districts to provide quick compensation to the farmers by surveying the damage done to the crops due to floods ACS, Home and Information, Mr. G.
Good news for Dhoni's team CSK, you also know what is the whole matter
उपराज्यपाल मनोज सिन्हा ने हजरतबल में सुविधा व्यवस्थाओं का जायजा लिया
At the moment, you will uproot someone's nexus; Not going to save your life
After conviction of Prashant Bhushan, Kumar Vishwas said that this way the punishment can be increased further.
Bahujans should use the word 'share' instead of 'reservation'. The word stake refers to our right. …
Petrol price increases in Delhi in petrol Diesel price installments, know your city price via
Village Chattha Nanhera, District Sangrur, Punjab villagers will not get the corona test decided. Under the guise of Corona, the dirty game of human organ trafficking is going on
Supreme Court prohibits offering Panchamrit in Shivling of Mahakaleshwar Temple of Ujjain via
आरोपी महिला और चौकीदार के बीच किसी बात को लेकर कहासुनी हुई थी, इसके बाद महिला ने चौकीदार पर हमला बोल दिया.
The Modi government has mortgaged India's tonnes of gold abroad. When Chandra Shekhar PM had pledged tons of gold, the media had said a lot today, the government pledged tons of gold today.
Focus on cities, Relaxation of Religion ... This may be the lockdown 5
Husband attacked wife, assault on wife with sharp weapon, accused husband absconding after the incident, hospitalized injured wife in hospital, case of Khaderpur area of ​​Naubasta.
कोरोना देश में रेल मंत्रालय ने कहा ज्यादा स्पेशल ट्रेनें चलाने के लिए राज्य सरकारों से सलाह ले रहे हैं, देश में अब तक लाख मामले COVID
तू मरा नहीं अभी तक सुना था कही कि कुत्तो को कोरोना होने लगा तो सोचा कि चलो एक आतंकी कम हुआ पर साला तू तो जिंदा हैं सही कहा किसी ने कि भगवान को अच्छे लोगों कि जरुरत होती है कमीनो कि नही शायद इसलिए।
गंदी गंदी गाली देता है मुझे फोन करके अश्लील बात जान से मारने की धमकी बिहार पुलिस पुलिस को टैग करके डर की वातावरण पैदा की जाती पुलिस से धमकाया जाती फोन करके गाली दी जाती हजारों नंबर से कॉल कर दिन भर परेशान की जाती सीरिया से भी बदतर हालात भारत में
जब अपनें ही शामिल होते है दुश्मनों की चाल में, तब शेर भी फस जाता है कुत्तों के जाल में । ालों को समर्पित
The support and contribution of the Banquet Hall Association of Delhi in this difficult time of Corona has been commendable. Now we have to put Delhi's economy back on track by working in the same way in future.
लड़ाई सुप्रीम कोर्ट में नहीं लड़ी जाएगी। क्योंकि हम देख रहे हैं ...एनआरसी, अयोध्या, कश्मीर के मामलों के संबंध में, सर्वोच्च न्यायालय ने मानवता, समानता और धर्मनिरपेक्षता की रक्षा के लिए एक उदाहरण स्थापित नहीं किया है। हम निश्चित रूप से पीछा करेंगे, यह हमारा सर्वोच्च न्यायालय है, लेकिन निर्णय न तो संसद में लिया जाएगा, न ही सर्वोच्च न्यायालय में। इस देश का भविष्य, आप सभी युवा हैं, आप अपने बच्चों को किस तरह का देश देना चाहते हैं ... यह कहां तय किया जाएगा ... सड़कों पर। और यही वजह है कि हम सभी सड़कों पर हैं।
A Muslim intellectual, giving knowledge to Muslims, there are many people sitting in this crowd who must have said that the infidels come, I hope that after watching this video, even a little mind is lost in the brother's fodder. Today this video should reach every Hindu
इस साल विकास दर शून्य से ऊपर रहने की संभावना को खारिज नहीं किया जा सकता रंगराजन via
There is a war going on between Kangana Ranaut and Sanjay Raut. Mumbai was dragged. POK was called. The leaders were seen speaking lightly, tell their opinion on this controversy in comments.
In search of employment in the number of millions of unemployed, we have become a single man in your search
वैश्विक महामारी कोविड19 की त्रासदी के मध्य कल से विधान मंडल सत्र प्रारंभ हो रहा है। कोविड19 प्रोटोकॉल तथा विधानसभा सचिवालय की व्यवस्था का पालन करके यह संदेश देने का प्रयास होगा, कि हम सभी प्रकार की समविषम परिस्थितियों में भी लोकतांत्रिक प्रक्रियाओं को आगे बढ़ा सकते हैं।
राहुल गांधी की सुरक्षा और आवभगत को लेकर शाही परिवार में कई दिनों से बैठकों का दौर जारी था. प्रिंस सलमान ने राहुल गांधी की मेहमाननवाजी के लिए वरिष्ठ मंत्रियों और अधिकारियों और शेखों को तैनात कर दिया था.
She is the daughter of Azam Khan, please tell someone its color too. The woman seen in the picture is Azam Khan's daughter
Earlier, while discussing about the problem which people did not even accept, the Prime Minister said that we will show change in the air of cities, for this I thank the Union Minister
Riya Chakraborty's father Indrajit Chakraborty leaves from his house for DRDO guest house, CBI will inquire at Republic India
Security of Uddhav Thackeray's residence was increased after this threatening call.
Full and last integration We will abolish the Article of the Constitution, which puts Jammu and Kashmir on a separate and secessionist basis for full and final integration of the state. BJP Election Manifesto,
Many big leaders including Chirag Paswan are present in the Lok Janshakti Party meeting.
You tell me how your confectioner, Kachari Phulori Samosa, who sells and sold thousands of crores of rupees, became the owner of a million-crore diamond necklace, which business, Yadav, whoever does a job, no less than anyone is a cow in terms of property is buffalo farming. Do you have a job, tell me your income
Healthy people do not wear masks .... courtesy Indian Government
National security law has been misused by legal expert press review
The mortal remains of the former president will be kept at his residence at Rajaji Marg, Delhi in the morning, to pay homage, the dignitaries will pay homage from 9.15 am
In the election of Bihar, the public has paid attention to the BJP MLA's request to protect the BJP MLA, that they should protect themselves, do not carry false promise among the public, this time the public is in a mood to be miscreated, see the video in Patna.
ऐसे कितने व्यापारी होंगे जो आत्महत्या के कगार पर हैं मैं छोटी सी कारोबार करती हूं लाख से अधिक की छाती हो गई मैं खुद ही आत्महत्या करने की सोच रही थी लेकिन फिर भी हिम्मत जुटा कर जिंदा हूं
   मीडिया वायरस के मुताबिक रिया चक्रवर्ती को अगर आज बेल नही मिला तो भारत से कोरोना खत्म हो जायेगा  ससुरे दिमाग का दही ब…
हैरान कर देने वाला घोटाला साल की महिला ने महीने में दिया आठ बच्चियों को जन्म ऐसे  मामले बीजेपी शासित राज्यों से आते हैं मोदी की पेट फट जाने तक खाउगा छिपाउगा और खाने भ्रष्टाचारीयो को अपनाउगा वाली नीति के तहत यह बिहार का है
ये क्या हो गया सच्चा मुसलमान कभी ऐसा नही कर सकता तो इसका मतलब क्या समझा जाये शाहरुख खान सच्चे मुसलमान नही है ओ भी मात्र दो करोड़ रुपये के लिए ..
In Ayodhya, the monk of the year died due to hunger. The police did not even perform the last rites of the monk
चीन ने वायरस भेजकर दुनिया को धोखा दिया इसीलिए अब उसे इसकी सजा मिल रही है. वीडियो लगभग साल पहले जापान में आई सुनामी का है.  stoicannu
   पूछता है भारत, तुने POK में office बनाया ही क्यूँ  
ALE bank loan may increase up to two years
The vegetable market of Mizoram is maintaining social distances.
SC orders retaining status quo in case of MLAs resigning in Karnataka, hearing again on July
New cases of Kovid 19 in the country, number of total infections occurred
India is third in expressing confidence in Covid vaccine, revealed in Ipsos MORI survey
Condoling the demise of the former President, the Union Minister said that the country has lost one of its best sons.
प्रधानमंत्री आवास योजना के तहत लाख से अधिक आवास निर्मित उत्तर प्रदेश को देश में मिला प्रथम स्थान
No livelihood, no employment left, no job left, no one is the voice of the people, GDP is in reality, in the hands of a foolish thief, this is the condition of a citizen of the country. Citizen on the verge of starvation
From where did the tea seller Modi bring lacquer coat paint, which business did his family's mother and sister, who bought lacquer coat paint, which business did you tell yourself, who bought the diamond necklace of your sister crore
Kane Richardson out of IPL, this player's entry in RCB
यूपी के बलिया जिले में एक मुस्लिम महिला और उसकी बेटी पर जानबूझकर कार चढ़ाई गई, जिसमें दोनों की मौत हो गई
Whether it is the power of the Congress or the BJP, now one thing is common in the entire state is loot. See how being looted and threatened in toll points. . . .
Brother-in-law does not burn his body after death but burns the whole country. Wherever accounts are not their own traitors.
कुल राशन कार्डों के सापेक्ष राशन कार्डों पर खाद्यान्न का वितरण किया गया जो कि  है ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
The BJP government at the center is intent on selling everything. In the name of self-reliance, the BJP is promoting privatization, everything private companies new education policy is also the use of the center in the same direction. There is a fear that the children of poor people should not be deprived of education and employment.
BOX OFFICE Kabir Singh broke all the records of earning, became the biggest film of this year, know collection
Another drug peddler arrested in Sushant case
What is this relationship called? Slap on China, and Congressman cheeks. You used to ignore every action on the border. Leave the red eyes, you were afraid to get sight.
Belongs to MP, where BJP workers are harassing Muslim youth
Photo Story Checks leakage of tube for puncture in road pits Mistri Narmada's water level decreases, but people still in tents
In the 12th board board, the time table for examinations from July is given.
जनपद खीरी के ग्राम त्रिकोलिया पढुआ थाना सम्पूर्णानगर में हुई मृत्यु के सम्बन्ध में ुलिसमहानिदेशक जोन लखनऊ द्वारा दी गई बाइट ।
Find out if Bipin Rawat talks or not, then when are you going to Ladakh to fight?
एम.एस.एम.ई. मंत्री नितिन गडकरी ने भिवाड़ी में प्रौद्योगिकी केंद्र का उद्घाटन किया
Tabrez Ansari's wife hanged.
यह माह िन्दीदिवस का है। इस कड़ी में प्रकाशन विभाग की पुस्तकों के साथ आप भी हिन्दी और उसके अमूल्य साहित्य से जुड़ें। के लिए क्लिक करें
मिसिसिप्पी स्टेट यूनिवर्सिटी से PHD रहे, IIT से पढ़ने वाले अमरेंद्र बेहतर नौकरी के प्रस्ताव को ठुकरा कर आरा की इस यूनिवर्सिटी से जुड़े. अमरेंद्र का कहना है कि यूनिवर्सिटी की बेहतरी के लिए उनके द्वारा उठाए जा रहे कदमों के कारण उन्हें निशाना बनाया जा रहा है.
Cogres is a bastard
Action on illegal construction of a Nachania led to a stampede in BJP, Dalal Media, Sanghio, Satch Adani and Ambani sold property…
The US Department of Defense said that China plans to double its nuclear weapons stockpile in this decade
The condition of Telinipara of Hooghly in West Bengal has worsened. Hindus are not being allowed to live here. Their houses were burnt, bombs were hurled and the Kali temple was also vandalized. Here the police are also supporting other communities under pressure.
This will be a pocket staple
The watchman of the country is a tea thief. This time, Bagga is shown wearing a t-shirt in a Facebook post that reads, "The country's watchman is a tea thief."
Mother is going to fuck her
Dipesh Sawant's big confession in drugs case Watch drugs bought at the behest of Shouvik Watch YouTube live TV on Republic India
If you can not raise voice against the atrocities on Hindus in Bengal today, then understand that if you will not raise any voice against the atrocities on you in the future, Bengal is burning, Mamta is dying, sleeps in Bengal.
Giriraj Singh linked population growth with religion, said India is moving towards cultural division Read news
Regards to the martyred soldiers in the encounter with terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir. All the people of this country are namastakas in front of these heroes who offer themselves to serve the nation. This sacrifice for the protection of the nation will continue to inspire us for ages. Best regards tribute
 के और विधायकों का इस्तीफा, MLA सुधाकर के साथ कांग्रेस नेताओं ने की मारपीट
कंगना रनौत पर संजय राउत का पलटवार, कहा वो अनापशनाप बोलती है, हम देख लेंगे..
Unnatural relationship used to make wife unconscious, case filed
Please dial for quick help, informed about necessary action.
Kangna's office was uprooted by BMC people, so there is a debate on all the news channels, when the library of Jamia Milia Islamia…
The speech is from Maujpur Chowk and Rajput was present with me. He is not the gunman who has been arrested. The gunman who was arrested looks different and his name is Shahrukh.
According to the ICMR, during the last hour, Kovid 19 sample tests were conducted, while the total corona sample has been tested across the country so far.
Across the Mahatreya Ra's column filtering times, a beautiful world awaits us
कोविड19 के पहले मरीज़ ने बनाया था चमगादड़ के साथ शारीरिक संबंध
िहारचुनाव पटना में जनता के द्वारा बीजेपी विधायक की ुटाई BJP के विधायकों से अनुरोध है कि वे अपना सुरक्षा करें जनता के बीच फिर झूठा वादा लेकर न जाये जनता इसबार पूरे कुटाई के मूड में है देख लीजिए विडियो पटना में ीजेपीविधायककीकुटाईहोचुकीहै
The lion became a mule when he came in contact with Gadho.
Kareena and Ranbir are the information broadcasting ministers of Bollywood, why did Karan Johar say this on Kapil's show
Prime Minister Modi's first reaction after the resignation of Chief Minister Fadnavis.
Warmest greetings to all the countrymen of the Independence Day. Salutations to the souls who freed Mother Bharati from the British subordination by unceasing sacrifice and sacrifice. Come, let us all be determined to build an India-India-inclusive India on this auspicious occasion. Jai Hind
लंदन तो नहीं पर दिल्ली को वेनिस ज़रूर बना दिया है जी ने
झूठे पाक का UNSC में स्पॉन्सर टेररिज्म का झूठा मुद्दा एक बार फिर बेनकाब हुआ...जबकि UN में कोई मीटिंग ही नही हुई इमरान, बार के भूतपूर्व PM को तो भगोड़ा घोषित करते है...लेकिन FATF के भय से लखवी,मसूर, D इब्राहिम को सरंक्षण देता है टेररिस्ट से प्यार करने वाले झूठा आरोप लगा रहे है
What did a poor widow take her little son to rotate a little ……. A fire broke out in the chest of the devotees… You guys…
मुझे पता है कि कौन मुझसे नफरत करता है।, मुझसे नफरत करें, आपकी इच्छा है। लेकिन जर्मनी से नफरत मत करो।
पैंगोंग की झड़प में भी भारतीय सेना PLA पर भारी पड़ी पर ट्वीट कर दें अपनी राय Watch LIVE 
अपना तशरीफ़ मुबारक इधर से ले के जाओ मियां। अगर जेब्रा अलैहि आपके इस बयान को सुन लिए तो आपके चबूतरे पर चढ़कर अज़ान देने लगेंगे। फिर ओला भी आपकी हिफाजत नहीं कर पाएगा। आमीन
Fire in readymade clothes shop, owner scorched in attempt to extinguish fire, admitted to Ghaziabad hospital, fire brigade found over fire, case of Modinagar stand of Pilkhua.
Pakistan's flags were waved after Rahul Gandhi's victory
मोदी की मास्टर प्लान आप नहीं समझ पाएंगे यादवों को खुश करने के लिए भारतीय रेलवे के सीईओ यादव को बनाई राजपूतों को खुश करने के लिए सीडीएस बिपिन रावत को बनाए यह दोनों इतिहास के पहले पन्ने में दर्ज होगी भारत की प्रथम रेलवे सीईओ कौन था भारत के प्रथम सीडीएस कौन था
Metro trains will run across the country from September, school colleges will still be closed
क्या है पंजाब का बहुचर्चित दलित छात्रवृति घोटाला जिसमें प्रदेश के सामाजिक न्याय एवं अधिकारिता मंत्री पर दलित छात्रों के करोड़ों रुपए के वजीफे डकारने का आरोप है। जानिए की में अन्य वीडियो
Schools and colleges are going to open from the month of August.
How many percent of infected people die in the most corona affected states of the country? Updates Gujarat Maharashtra Delhi Tamil Nadu
JEE की परीक्षा देने के बाद स्टू़डेंट्स ने बताया, क्या हुई परेशानी, कैसा रहा एग्जाम
Prashant Bhushan sentenced to fine of one rupee in contempt case
भगवान को मनाने में जुटे तेज प्रताप यादव, कहा सरकार आई तो पूरे बिहार में भागवत कथा और यज्ञ करवाएंगे
Rape accused gets bail, ABPGanga will not be able to leave the country
दिल्ली में हरघर राशन योजना जनवरी से होगी शुरू। दिल्ली में कोरोना पर काफी हद तक नियंत्रण पाने से AAP का दिल्ली मॉडल एक नजीर बन गया है, सरकार के मुखिया जी का भी मानना है कि अब हालात धीरेधीरे सुधरते जायेंगे। अर्थव्यवस्था को पटरी पर लाने के लिए भी सरकार प्रयासरत है।
में देखिए आज सुबह की सभी खबरें, सिर्फ मिनट में
China will repeat, be surrounded and killed
During Rahul Gandhi's visit to the UAE, a fake video of his photo displayed on Burj Khalifa has gone viral. Kejriwal is looking at the upcoming Lok Sabha election as the final election of PM Modi.
विराट कोहली का प्रतिरूपण करने वाले एक पैरोडी ट्विटर अकाउंट ने फैसला किया है कि क्रिकेटर की देश छोड़ने की टिप्पणी का जवाब देने का सबसे अच्छा तरीका हास्य का माध्यम है। ठीक है, मुझे नहीं लगता कि आपको भारत में रहना चाहिए ... आपको कहीं और जाना चाहिए, नहीं आप हमारे देश में क्यों रहते हैं और दूसरे देशों से प्यार करते हैं मुझे कोई फर्क नहीं पड़ता कि आप मुझे पसंद नहीं करते हैं, लेकिन मुझे नहीं लगता कि आपको हमारे देश में और अन्य चीजों की तरह रहना चाहिए। अपनी प्राथमिकताओं को सही तरह से तय करें।
What is the politics of Abdullah on the Constitution of Kashmir, is it anti-national
Gandhi in Kerala is called GANDU, did Wayanad recognize it in four days but the spoon did not recognize it till date… .Bhai is literacy in Kerala. I'm saying the poster is saying
Like a dog, it will be silenced by kicking it
Bihar Board Practical classes from 9th to 12th will also be conducted online, learn details
बलिया में पत्रकार रतन सिंह ,आजमगढ़ में जनप्रतिनिधि सुरेंद्र यादव ampसुल्तानपुर में सिपाही सुनील यादव की हत्या हत्या। अगर कांग्रेस या एसपी या बीएसपी की सरकार होती तो अब तक गोदी मीडिया इस्तीफ़ा माँग चुकी होती ।
भारत के पूर्व राष्ट्रपति, भारत रत्न श्री प्रणव मुखर्जी जी के निधन से मन अत्यंत दुखी है। आपने राजनीतिक और सामाजिक क्षेत्र के हर वर्ग की सेवा करने के साथ ही आर्थिक क्षेत्र में भी अहम योगदान दिया है। ईश्वर दिवंगत आत्मा को शांति और शोकाकुल परिजनों को संबल प्रदान करें। ।। ॐ शांति।।
Aamir Khan kept the 15 thousand rupees in the flour package and reached the needy.
हरियाणा के राज्यपाल श्री सत्यदेव नारायण आर्य ने देश के पूर्व राष्ट्रपति श्री प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन पर शोक प्रकट किया है। उन्होंने कहा कि श्री मुखर्जी एक योग्य व गुणी नेता थे। उन्होंने जीवनभर गरीबों व आमजन के कल्याण के लिए कार्य किया। भगवान उनकी आत्मा को अपने चरणों में स्थान दें।
In JEE Main exam, some candidates got many questions from Maths today.
इमाम , कामरा, अरफ़ा, स्वरा ये पाकिस्तान में हिंदू बहनें हैं इन बहनों का दुःख दर्द समझ आये तो कुछ व्यक्त भी कर देना रोहिंग्या व बांग्लादेशी घुसपेठियों से तो बहुत याराना है हिंदुओं से इतनी घृणा क्यों है 
Why do you obey the teachings of Vedas and Gita in school in India in crores of Hindus, when this Sala Jihadi will end.
Kari and her brother's drugs related to Yari
Saturday's lockdown will end in UP, shops will now open from morning to night
Brother-in-law lotus ruined the country
पीएम के साथ अभिनंदन की पत्नी और बेटा और अभिनंदन जी की पत्नी और बेटे प्रधानमंत्री के साथ जय हो। मोदी के साथ पोज़ देने वाली महिला आईएएफ पायलट अभिनंदन की पत्नी नहीं है
Australia Facebook warning, users will not be able to share news if new rules are introduced
   मैंने ISIS का विरोध करते किसी मुस्लिम को नहीं देखा लेकिन, RSS का विरोध करते लाखो हिन्दुओं को देखा है  है  ना सोचने वा…
श्रीराम और श्रीपरशुराम में तात्विक रूप से कोई भेद नहीं है। दोनों ही भगवान विष्णु के अवतार हैं। गोस्वामी तुलसीदास जी ने रामचरितमानस में धनुषयज्ञ प्रसंग में इसे विधिवत स्पष्ट कर दिया है। यह बुद्धि मात्र का भेद है, जहां बुद्धि का स्तर संकीर्ण होता है वहां लोग भ्रम में पड़ते हैं।
JDU retaliated on the statements of Tejashwi Yadav, said that under whose rule there were scams, they are sharing knowledge
GDP will fall in 21, know what experts are saying via
तेरे इस हरकत से सच सवित होता एक टिकट belak करने वाला ही आय सी हरकत कर सकता है जाहिल कमीना    
The Supreme Court has come out for siege, today will repeat history once again.
No CAA, no NRC, V apos NRC and CAA, and lathicharge on innocent people will not be possible from us. All three posters are fake and created digitally by manipulating the actual picture
अब तो सुदर्शन न्यूज चलेगा किसकी मईया दूध पिलाई है जो बन्द करवाएगा. भाईयो सब मिलकर आवाज़ उठाओ. सुदर्शन न्यूज़
Look and pay attention and what is happening in our country, the work of adulteration of our religious texts is going on in full swing, do not ask after some years why we are not taught history. Look and pay attention and what is happening in our country, the work of adulteration of our religious texts is going on in full swing, will read our later generations these Vedas, Puranas, Upanishads. ,,, which must have written character formation is a useless matter Brahmacharya is a completely useless topic. There is no such thing as religion and unrighteousness. Policies like Charvak are extremely beneficial, there is no such thing as sanskar. You will get all the extra things, etc., all these will be found in good and good Sanskrit in the same way as Macaulay and Max Muller contaminated our Manusmriti etc. by mixing it.
What was the printing misstep in the Congress manifesto or is it just to oppose everything? Pappu virus has entered everyone's mind
Knowing the condition of the girl by meeting doctors and family in AIIMS. Doctors said that the next hour is important. I also spoke to the police commissioner. The perpetrators of this heinous crime will be punished the harshest. The government is giving lakh rupees aid to the family.
Sources have revealed that the rate of the lionesses of Shaheen Bagh was also fixed by Munawwar Rana. Has been doing the women of her home since childhood. There is a lot of experienced brokers in this field.
Pakistan's another conspiracy busted, arms recovered in Uri sector, see photos
विश्व का एक भी शाकाहारी व्यक्ति कोरोनावायरस से संक्रमित नहीं पाया गया
जिनमें फेसमॉस्क का प्रयोग, सोशलडिस्टेन्सिंग का अनुपालन तथा थर्मल स्कैनिंग और हाथ धोने सैनेटाइजर की व्यवस्था करना अनिवार्य होगा। शादीविवाह सम्बन्धी समारोह में अधिकतम व्यक्ति और अन्तिम संस्कार में अधिकतम व्यक्तियों के शामिल होने की अनुमति सितम्बर, तक जारी रहेगी...
Sushant's friend actor and producer Sandeep Singh rubbished the allegations against him, sharing some old chats of Sushant
Sonia Gandhi is the Congress President, so I do not vote for the Congress, make Rahul Gandhi the President, I will not vote for the Congress yet…
Bhootnath Temple of Kolkata will open from September
Kartarpur Corridor to complete project by October, India slows down work towards Pakistan
TBL TMC TMB BKL If the black bitch is to be born, then dalla BNL, who fights hawker in the field. I will send Bhadva back from the Mori.
Some people do not have pus-filled boils, blossoms can be seen in a courtyard and they will immediately say ah, what happened to thorns, should have happened together…
Social Distancing from Cartoon Good Days
Now Nasiruddin Shah's health deteriorated, hospitalized.
सुशांत केस में सीबीआई जांच का वां दिन लगातार चौथे दिन रिया से होगी पूछताछ, एक्टर की बहन मीतू को भी जांच एजेंसी ने बुलाया कारोबारी गौरव आर्य ड्रग्स मामले में ईडी के सामने होंगे पेश
लोगों द्वारा ोदी पर पेशाब करना शुरू कर देने के बाद अब वो दीवार पर पेशाब नहीं करने का अनुरोध कर रहे हैं, लेकिन मुझे पता नहीं कि वे सेक्स रोगी क्यों कह रहे हैं।
Privatization of Government property of Modi ji is going on, youths are protesting, but Modi ji is not understanding the mind of the youth. Therefore, the nation has started doing Modi ji. Youth made Modi young
भाजपा “सांसद” के संस्कारवान सुपुत्र सिकंदर खेर हैं ये,क्या NCB इनसे पूछेगी कि बेटा ये कोकीन कहाँ से आयी. अस्थाना की एजेंसी कब पूछताछ करेगी वही अस्थाना है जिस पर भ्रष्टाचार के आरोप लगी थी जनता दाने दाने के लिए मोहताज मोदी जी के रिश्तेदार ड्रग्स ले रहे हैं
Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said, Corona will be under control till Diwali, hope to get vaccine by the end of the year
इतना गुंडा गर्दी करने के बाद ठाकरे कहता है  हमारी खामोशी को हमारी कमजोरी ना समझे । इसे आप क्या कहेंगे
Last year, the people of Delhi jointly defeated Dengue under the leadership of Hon. Start with the fight against dengue in the next week. I am checking at my house whether there is any water storage. You must also check. We have to defeat dengue this time too
 रिया चक्रवर्ती से आज भी होगी पूछताछ, CBI जांच का वां दिन
It is not known where this video is, but it is a very disgusting crime, it is necessary to find such a criminal and put a very painful video. This video is not worth putting on Twitter but it is necessary to identify the monster
हंगामा क्यों है बरपा, बेजान मूर्तियां ही तो तोड़ी है  मार तो नहीं डाला लिंचिंग तो नहीं की है  जावेद अख़्तर
मन की बात में प्रधानमंत्री, ने आत्मनिर्भर भारत एप इनोवेशन चैलेंज के तहत विकसित किए गए विभिन्न एप को सराहा विवरण 
Fierce fire in Agra's chemical factory
The corona assistance scheme is being given by WCHO to all the ₹. Fill the form and get ₹.
Abe Jahil and slavery chieftain read this earlier, Rohit Vemulla and Gauri Lankesh did not read that the promising pilot of Kashmir Hilal Ahmad Rafael is flying, he is from Anantnag district of Kashmir. Also make houses
Look who's saying In the greed of power, Hindutva ideology, Ram ji, and Bala Shahab's name were immersed. The people of Maharashtra recognized the real face of the Shiv Sena.
Breaking news, due to the open support of BJP leader Inayat Hussain in Indore, beaten with slippers, slapped with slippers… Rajnath Singh has not yet condemned, so Kaka strongly condemns this, you can also write a comment
The family of Suresh Raina's brother was murdered by someone in Punjab, people are getting worse day by day ..
India should tighten trade policies with China PM's economic advisor
Even after the defeat, China did not agree… .try to infiltrate into Chumar again, but the Indian jawans pushed back.
This statement made by Priyanka Chopra is not the fault of Modi who betrayed the nation, the mistake is of those fools who gave Modi a chance, not the fault of Modi who betrayed the country, the mistake is of those fools who gave Modi a chance
Bulldozer ABP Ganga runs on Ahmed's illegal food restaurant
Senior advocate Prashant Bhushan said, my tweets were not aimed at contempt of Supreme Court
If seeing Palghar is to silently honor the Mumbai Police, then sorry, Shiv Sena can fall so much for power, not everyone, apologize for insulting the country's daughter and killing saints, don't be fooled.
यदि आपके पास स्मार्ट फोन, इंटरनेट कनेक्शन है तो आप घर बैठे ईसंजीवनी पोर्टल के माध्यम से टेलीमेडिसीन का लाभ उठा सकते हैं। अब तक प्रदेश में लोग ईसंजीवनी पोर्टल के माध्यम से टेलीमेडिसिन का लाभ उठा चुके हैं ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
Delhi Metro services, which were closed for more than five months due to the Ovid 19 epidemic, have been started in a phased manner from today. Officials of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation said that all the stations are open due to no containment zone on the Yellow Line.
Hey Madrasachhap like whatsapp group was used by Tere Bhaijaan Tahir Hussain for the Delhi riots, similarly whatsapp group is also used for terrorism and stone pelting. Brother-in-law is not a fool of two money and comes to give knowledge.
हिन्दू देवी देवताओं का मजाक तब उड़ता है जब हिन्दू उड़वाते है वरना किसकी इतनी हिम्मत की कोई कुछ कह जाये।चुप सुनते और देखते रहते है।
012020 In Durgapur, West Bengal, India, there is a motorway near the airport. Due to the mist, the pilot took the motorway as the runway and landed the plane and got stuck in the bridge.
आज उत्तर प्रदेश और कश्मीर में फर्जी एनकाउंटर हो रही है कल बिहार में होगी दूसरे दिन दिल्ली में होगी फिर मध्यप्रदेश में होगी फिर राजस्थान में होगी हरियाणा में होगी चुप रहने की मतलब कायर डरपोक की तरह चुप रहने से अच्छा बोलकर मर जाना अच्छा होता है
After reading this news about Chandrayaan 3, smile will come on your face
Controversy ensued in Saharanpur race, friends stabbed friend to death
प्रशासन ने अधिकारियों की टीम भेजकर जांच अभियान किया तेज
भारतीय पुलिस द्वारा उत्तर प्रदेश में मुस्लिमों की तबाही
इसराइल और यूएई में ऐतिहासिक उड़ान, शांति समझौते के बाद फ़ैसला
इनके एक विधायक है महाराष्ट्र में नाम है अबू आजमी ट्रेन में कुछ यूपी के शांतिदूतों को बैठाने आते हैं उन्हीं के सामने मुंबई पुलिस जिंदाबाद और पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे लगते हैं और यह जनाब टि्वटर टि्वटर खेल रहे हैं बाहर निकल कर कुछ गरीबों की मदद कर दो आखिर इन्हीं गरीबों का तो लूटा
रूप बदल चुका बहुरूपिया कोरोना, अब वैक्सीन के असर को लेकर टेंशन में एक्सपर्ट
BJP candidate from Rajasthan Bandikui Dausa, Ramkishore Saini strongly kills. The public has come down on the crocodile after getting upset. Just think about what to do on the day of voting. Fierce trend
When the children eat the worm of religion, the elders have to come to the field. The movement is accompanied by the movement of the National National Baroda Day
I welcome the Delhi High Court's decision to grant surety to Safura Zargar. The country is strong when justice prevails. Hats off to brother Rahul Mehra for standing with truth and humanity.
मैंने उसे समझाया कि जो ज्यादा बकवास करे तेरे साथ उसे सीधे ब्लॉक मारो... कमीनी ने OK कहकर मुझे ही ब्लॉक मार दिया..
The Yogi government of Uttar Pradesh has stopped the scholarship of students during the Corona period.
 अगर खुद को जानना हो, तो लोगों की आंखों में छवि का मोह छोड़ना पड़ेगा. दूसरों की ओर देखना बंद करना होगा. दूसरे के चश्मे से स्वयं को कभी नहीं समझा जा सकता. मन अपने प्रकाश से आलोकित होना चाहिए. ीवनसंवाद 
Ban on international commercial flights increased, all flights canceled until September
Sushant Death Case to take action against actor's family, Riya Chakraborty, lawyer for actress said they knew about Sushant's depression, yet lied to Supreme Court and ED
Shiva Linga of Mecca Medina was shown for the first time in history, no one has ever written every Har Mahadev.
According to him, adequate efforts were not made by the police to protect the passengers. But it is also visible in the video that the crowd of people was more than the police staff in number and weapons.
साला हद तो ये है कि... कल वे भी बेरोजगार दिवस मना रहे थे जिनकी शेरनियां शाहीन बाग में घोड़ी बनकर रुपया रोज का कमा रही थी .
Delhi Metro will protect Polometro's security Agile Belgian Melinois Breed's dog, this breed's Cairo helped eliminate Osama bin Laden
This is what happens when the eyes are blindly trended and the Congress has done all this, students have only been used. It would not have been such a big mistake if the students had raised their voice. Made it Gold will not be made from the potatoes of wisdom…
MediaTek launches G Gaming smartphone processor Helio G95
अगस्त की रात पैंगोंग झील के पास जो हुआ, देखिए उसकी पूरी इनसाइड स्टोरी
India becomes the second most corona infected country in the world, leaving Brazil behind
   जब तक बंद नही किया जायेगा आश्रम की गुफाओं का कोनाकोना तब तक बंद नहीं होगा अंधभक्तों का पैदा का होना
The satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has once again published a cartoon of Prophet Mohammed after the terrorist attack.
What is special about Akshay Kumar's FAUG coming out to compete PUBG? BBC Hindi Awaaz Adarsh ​​Rathore
हिस्ट्रीशीटर Durgesh Yadav हत्याकांड मामले में एक और गिरफ्तारी ABPGanga
That night, Rahul Gandhi himself was present on the China border carrying AK47 and Ganje ki chilam, so would not have tweeted.
पिछले हफ़्ते की तुलना में पूरे देश में इस हफ़्ते कम वर्षा होगी 11 सितंबर के बीच देश में कोई भी रेड अलर्ट नहीं मौसम विभाग
Nitish Sarkar Minister Bima Bharti showed rebellious tone, made this big announcement report just before the election
BTech student injured during robbery, miscreants attacked during car robbery, BTech student Akshay died during treatment, no arrest after day of incident, robbery took place in Sector Police Station area.
 I से चला पता किन सरकारी कंपनियों का होगा निजीकरण, देखें कंपनियों की लिस्ट via
Women were beating Kangana Ranaut's poster with slippers, Shilpa Shinde was angry
रिपोर्ट के मुताबिक NCB के सामने रिया चक्रवर्ती ने बॉलीवुड के एलिस्टर्स के नाम लिए हैं।
   शुद्ध पानी की व्यवस्था और घर की स्वच्छता दोनों जरूरी हैं बच्चे की अच्छी सेहत के लिए ।
bitch
The film should be boycotted. Promote terrorism. Insult our army. Who gave the right to make films to those who do not know anything about the army.
During the virtual dialogue with BJP workers of Lucknow North today, they received feedback from them on various issues including Kovid. Also, during the Kovid crisis, appealed to all the activists to remain active for the cooperation and welfare of the society.
वालीवुड वालों ने गद्दार हिजड़ो की फौज बना रखी है क्या  कंगना के स्पोर्ट में वॉलीवुड का  कोई  भी भाड़ नही आया   यह सब नकली हीरो है इन को पहचानो.
सबसे बड़ी खबर भारत के लिए एक खुशी और गर्व की खबर, अमेरिका ने घोषणा की है कि फरवरी को विश्व छत्रपति दिवस, प्रसिद्ध छत्रपति शिवाजी महाराज के जन्म के रूप में मनाया जाना चाहिए। इसके लिए संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका का विशेष धन्यवाद। इस संदेश को जितना हो सके फैलाएं।
on  दिल्ली  मुंबई में NCB का बड़ा एक्शन किलो ड्रग्स की खेप पकड़ी गई देखिए पूछता है भारत अर्नब के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
Noida Metro नोएडा में सितंबर से शुरू होगी मेट्रो की सवारी, सभी स्टेशनों पर रुकेंगी ट्रेनें, ये रहेंगे नियम
Salman Khan will turn around to give a reply to a madman of two crores, and there is no work for Salman Khan who can answer a maniac like you
Home Minister Amit Shah said that the government would undertake intensive campaign across the country for the overall nutrition of very malnourished children.
Madhya Pradesh Executive In-Charge met with Madhya Pradesh Executive Committee on Zoom App in which an important decision was taken to conduct oxygen testing campaign in the state assemblies from September.
Video of journalist Rajdeep Sardesai's skirmish with people being linked to fake news expose Sushant case, complete truth revealed in investigation
Work plan of Kanya Sumangala Yojana was made. Through which thousands of poor girls were married
Be aware. Modiji does not like a gang of partisan journalists. Neither Phogat's Daru, nor Haseena, nor Kabab, nor Ayyashi, nor Bhadwagiri, nor Kejriwal's bastard setting. Unscrupulous journalists and honest politicians, be it from a good family in India, improve in time. A little glimpse of the traitor gang
बॉलीवुड की सबसे मशहूर अभिनेत्री करीना कपूर ने दिया भोपाल से कांग्रेस टिकट पर लोकसभा चुनाव लड़ने का संकेत । क्या आप उनके फैसले से खुश है करीना कपूर ख़ान भोपाल से लड़ेंगी लोकसभा चुनाव  Jayhind Express कांग्रेस की टिकट पर भोपाल लोकसभा सीट से आगामी चुनाव लड़ेंगी करीना
Gaddar Saale Gali Guda is just in your place
The sky vultures perished which touched the flesh of the dead. These vultures are scratching the flesh of the living.
Year of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, Modi told Gamechanger via
बच्ची में कोरोना के लक्षण पाए गए हैं, जिसके बाद पिता उससे ऐसे मिले
The corona virus is a thousand times more dangerous than the media afflicted with a disease called Islamophobia…
Relief Indauri said that Hindustan is a little bit of someone's father, so happy that Ganna said that Mumbai did not have anyone's father, then jealousy started in the backyard.
Both these movies should not be released in Hindustan if you agree
तेरे पास जितना ज्ञान है तो नहीं तो सड़क छाप कुत्तों के पास होता है
Honorable President and Prime Minister will address Governor's Conference on National Education Policy 2020 today
कोरोना वायरस टेस्ट में पॉजिटिव निकला क्रिकेटर, मैच बीच में ही रोककर करना पड़ा रद्द 
इमरजेंसी के बाद इंदिरा गांधी ने दिल्ली पुलिस के साथ मिलकर जेएनयू में CPI नेता, की तबियत से कुटाई करवाई और कुटाई के साथ इस्तीफा देने और आपातकाल के विरोध में माफी पत्र पढ़ने के लिए मजबूर भी किया था। उस समय वामपंथी सीताराम येचुरी JNU छात्र संघ का अध्यक्ष था।
जो मीडिया बता रहा है रिया जेल पहुंची, कंगना मुंबई पहुंची उससे पूछो GDP कहां पहुंची, रोजगार कहाँ पहुंचा. ाष्ट्रीयबेरोजगारदिवस
फ्यूचर ग्रुप के रीटेल, होलसेल, लॉजिस्टिक्स और वेयरहाउसिंग बिजनस का अधिग्रहण करेगी RIL की रिलायंस रीटेल वेंचर्स लिमिटेड।
In front of Abu Azmi at Wadala station in Mumbai, people shouted slogans of Pakistan Zindabad. Does the Indian government have any problem in taking legal action by imposing them on Rasuka?
Shiv Sena women's wing opened front against Kangana Ranaut, apologized for her statement
I understand all that you are saying. Now there is a party ready that after coming to power, confiscate the entire property of Ambani Adani and put him in jail, then the thing is that the traitor family is robbing the entire country of Amul property. By making Pet Dog Modi the Prime Minister
Those who were joking that the corona would not run away from the lamp, the same people were taking the employment of the lamp burn
Walmart joins hands with Microsoft, will buy together via TickTalk
कांग्रेस के एक नेता जूते पहनकर मंदिर में करोड़ों लोगों की आस्था को जूता दिखाते है और इसके लिए माफी मांगने की जगह मूर्ख कांग्रेसी मोदीजी का ये फोटो पोस्ट कर रहे है। जबकि सच्चाई ये है कि श्रद्धांजलि कक्ष में मौजूद हर व्यक्ति जूतेचप्पल पहना हुआ था।कुछ तो शर्म कीजीए जी
परीक्षा दिसंबर से होंगी. इसके एडमिट कार्ड जल्द ही जारी होंगे
पंजाब के मुख्यमंत्री कैप्टन अ​मरिंदर सिंह ने जीएसटी पर केंद्र सरकार के रवैये पर सवाल उठाये हैं
Heavy drop in GDP in June quarter via
मोदी सब देख रहे हैं, डेडिकेटेड फ्रेट कॉरिडोर परियोजना पर हर वक्त रहती है नजर via
BIRES Office became the biggest film of the year in terms of earnings
यह पुणे की महिला डॉक्टर मेघा व्यास हैं, जिनकी कोरोनावायरस के चलते जान गई
 रिया चक्रवर्ती की मॉर्चरी में एंट्री को लेकर ह्यूमन राइट कमिशन ने मांगी कूपर हॉस्पिटल से जानकारी
In the BB Fact Check investigation, it has been found that the pictures being told of Mount Kailash are completely fake Indian soldiers have not taken any possession of Mount Kailash. Retired Major General Narwakshi is the eunuch of BJP IT cell's cooperation in spreading lies.
भारतीय सेना के द्वारा बाडमेर राजस्थान में केवल दो दिनों में खड़ा किया गया पूरे एक हजार बिस्तरों का परिपूर्ण अस्पताल.. इसमें सौ वेंटिलेटर्स से सुसज्जित गहन चिकित्सा विभाग आइ‌सीयू भी हैं और एक साथ करोनावायरस के एक हजार रोगियों के इलाज की पूरी व्यवस्था है.
मुस्लिम शेर बच्चे जो खाली हाथ होते हुए भी दुश्मन की आंखों में आंखें ड़ालकर बात कर रहे हैं
ोड़ हरियाणा के पेट्रोल पंप पर तोड़फोड़ और मारपीट गांव जटराणा में पेट्रोल पंप पर दर्जनों लोगों ने दिया अंजाम, परसों रात तो तोड़फोड़ के साथ सेल्समैन से की मारपीट, हजार रुपए लूटकर ले जाने की भी रिपोर्ट...
Please let us know the action taken.
दुनिया की सबसे ऊंची मूर्ति वाले देश के स्कूलों की दशा देखें, जरा गौर से देखो इन बालको को, जब सरकार ही इनसे सुविधाये छिन रही हैं तो इन्का भविष्य कैसें बनेगा खुद तो सरकार मे अनपढ लोग बैठे हैं और आने वाली पिढी को भी अनपढ बनाने पर तुली हैं.... क्या करोड़ लोगो... आपमें इस सच्चाई को साझा करने का साहस है 
   NRC  चोरी से रहने नहीं देंगे  PCB  थोक में पैदा नहीं करने देंगे  UCC  हमेशा औकात में रखेगें  देश हित के लिए इ…
मोदी जी ने तो बहुत पहले ही करने का फैसला कर चुके थे बस तुम ही नहीं समझ पाए प्रो प्लेयरो..
Just as the people of Delhi have done so many other great things in the last five years, similarly the people of Delhi are defeating Karona. Pray to God that the efforts of the people of Delhi will completely rid Delhi of Karona in the coming times. Get it
राष्ट्रपति रामनाथ कोविंद, पीएम मोदी, गृहमंत्री अमित शाह एवं राहुल गांधी समेत तमाम हस्तियों ने प्रणब मुखर्जी को इस तरह किया याद  .
The Yogi government waived the loan of lakh farmers in its first meeting. The Priyogiji Yogi government waived the debt of lakh farmers in its first meeting. Popular
ड्रेनेज का दम देश के फीसद शहरी क्षेत्रों में सीवर लाइन नहीं, भारी बारिश में शहरों का बुरा हाल
See all the big news of the country so far in Zee Top.
करण जोहर की किताब पर कंगना ने साधा निशाना
Why is the language of Pakistan and the language of the house traitors and spoon is the same? Pakistani Qimar Cheema also says Modi ji is also called Surrender Modi and traitor and spoon. Meaning, training gives the traitors here cleanly.
The first commercial airline has started following the announcement of normal relations between Israel and United Arab Emirates. Israel's first airline to fly to Abu Dhabi yesterday after a three-hour trip carrying members of Israeli and US delegations.
Chief Minister visits flood-hit area, reaching out to different villages and finding problems with people
I am fully in support of you, the media in the country has made a cry, so I will wake up in the morning to update Corona directly, they have nothing to do, Corona. But the dirty politics is happening in the country now, and the doctors are making false reports and doing the trafficking business behind it,
The people of China also agreed to the threat of the law, but these spoons do not know when it will come to fruition.
दिल्ली को वर्ल्ड क्लास बनाने में लगे हैं केजरीवाल ।।
सिकंदरा में केमिकल फैक्टरी में लगी भीषण आग, आसपास के घर खाली कराए गए
Workers who have worked since then have the right to get money from the Ministry of Labor and Employment.
Trump announced that Roche Medical Company will launch the vaccine next Sunday, and millions of doses are set to end the play
 NEETJEE Exams मुंबई में परीक्षा में शामिल होने के लिए स्टूडेंट्स को रेलवे ने दी ये छूट  मंदी में भारत की अर्थव्यवस्था GDP में आई फीसदी की रिकॉर्ड गिरावट यहां पढ़िए देशदुनिया की बड़ी सुर्खियां
छत्र, पलाश, दंड व कमंडल को धारण करने वाले भगवान वामन देव का अवतरण पर्व भाद्रपद शुक्ल द्वादशी समस्त भक्तजनों के जीवन को सद्भाव और सम्मति के प्रकाश से आलोकित करे। वामन देव के आशीर्वाद से सभी को दैहिक, दैविक और भौतिक तापों से मुक्ति प्राप्त हो। उनके श्रीचरणों में सादर प्रणाम।
बच्चे पैदा कर तो ली है पर उन्हें खिलाने के लिए चोरी करना पड़ रहा है क्या इ स्लाम चोरी करके बच्चे पालने की इजाजत देता है जब बच्चों को खिला नहीं सकते या बेगम को खिला नहीं सकते तो शादियां क्यों करते हो पूछता है हिंदुस्तान मुसलमानों से
What family is Riya Chakraborty Vishakanya and brother Shouvik drug dealer….
For the sake of a few rupees, a section of Bollywood does not miss the propaganda regarding the Indian Armed Forces, the Home Ministry and the Ministry of Defense should be taught a lesson on this kind of anti-India mentality.
आज मुझे संतोष है कि भारत की नेशनल एजुकेशन पॉलिसी राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति को बनाते समय, इन सवालों पर गंभीरता से काम किया गया। बदलते समय के साथ एक नई विश्व व्यवस्था खड़ी हो रही है। एक नया Global Standard भी तय हो रहा है PM
केजरीवाल दिल्ली की जनता को डीटीसी की बस में वेनिस का टूर करवा रहे हैं ।
If there is a father, then send it forward and if there is a father of ten, then do not send a girl and beat up a girl and raped her and the police is not doing anything because it happened today, tomorrow will also happen to you. Help me, join hands and consider it your sister at this place and spread it so much to the media and those who give the slogan of Beti Bachao.
इस साल अगस्त में राजस्व में फीसदी की सालाना कमी देखी गई।
िल्ली के मुख्यमंत्री जी का दिल से धन्यवाद जिन्होंने िराड़ी विधानसभा को ंदन बना दिया।
Shahrukh Khan has donated crores of rupees in the construction of Ram temple.
वायरल पोस्ट एक तस्वीर में एक शख़्स को आरएसएस कि पोशाक में दिखती हैं कुछ और पोस्ट्स इसी शख़्स को बीजेपी सांसद तेजस्वी सूर्या के साथ भी दिखाती हैं
PM to visit Tamil Nadu today, trending on Twitter
शिवसेना में अब उतने ही शिवसैनिक बचे हैं जितने जुही चावला के पति के सर पर बाल
Over lakhs of patients tested in the country in hours
Shovik Chakraborty sent to NCB custody, Samuel Miranda sent to judicial custody, until September in the NCB custody, the court of Shovik, Mumbai, pronounced judgment.
कर्नाटक संकट स्पीकर ने कहा मैं अब देखूंगा कि क्या इस्तीफे स्वेच्छा से दिए हैं या नहीं
साले तुम होते कोन हो भारत बंद करने वाले ये भारत तुम्हारे बाप की जागीर नहीं है।
WelcomesChange Children in Kashmir are singing Hindustan Hamara Hai whereas all secular people are angry with the cancellation of the article An average Kashmiri celebrating joining Great India
चुप बकैती बंद डकैती नेता ना ना चोर है केजुवा का तू हीरो बन गया बहुत बड़ा छीछोर है लतखोर है लतखोर है चोर है साला चोर है ंजयसिंहगुंडाहै
राशन की दुकान का लाइसेंस सस्पेंड करने पर रोक, हाईकोर्ट ने पूर्व मंत्री को भेजा नोटिस
Religion responsible for the population explosion, excuse the population, targeting Muslims with the evening
Corona warriors of Delhi most infected in the country, so far thousands of health workers have been victims
Xiaomi launches two new smart TVs in India, price starts from Rs.
Marshall did it wrong. This Kamini Sanjay should have been beaten to death. Modesty should only be shown with decent person.
Sovereign Gold Bond किलो तक सस्ता सोना खरीदने का आज आखिरी मौका, ऐसे पाएं रुपये का डिस्काउंट भी via
Please, for information and necessary action.
सबसे पहले परिवार के बुजुर्ग निकले थे कोरोना पॉजिटिव 
The corner of the ashram caves will not be closed until the blind devotees are born.
If lying is an art, then this man is its Picasso
रूस, अमेरिका और चीन के बाद भारत इस तकनीक को हासिल करने वाला चौथा देश बन गया है 
From appreciation of Justice Arun Mishra Modi to fine on Prashant Bhushan
Mahant Nritya Gopaldas reached Ayodhya by winning the battle against Corona
According to the decision taken at the cabinet level to simplify and strengthen the process of operation of the women's helpline, under the new system, the women's helpline is being run by integrating with the UP center.
Are the spices of the motherfucker
Today's topic in DD News special program self-reliant India Important discussion on the conference of governors related to the new education policy Watch
मौसम विभाग के मुताबिक अगले घंटे में पश्चिम बंगाल, सिक्किम, ओडिशा, बिहार, झारखंड, छत्तीसगढ़, असम, मेघालय, मिजोरम और त्रिपुरा में भारी बारिश हो सकती है। लाइव अपडेट्सः
हेड स्पीच के परिभाषा फेसबुक ने अपने तरीके से गढ़ा है जो पक्षपात करती है और झूठ को सच बनाती है और सच को झूठ मेरी पॉपुलर से पॉपुलर आईडी ब्लॉक की है प्रधानमंत्री की टक्कर की आईडी डिलीट की है मेरी कोई हेट स्पीच नहीं थी तथ्य के आधार पर थी फेसबुक चुनाव में बीजेपी को मदद पहुंचाई है
हम तो पहले से जानते थे कि विश्व गुरु का अर्थ क्या हैदुनियाँ में सबसे ज़्यादा नीचे भारत की GDP गिरी।विश्व गुरू तो हैं ही परंतु नीचे से।
If you do not talk about the public system, it is only right that the violation of democracy is done by your friend Gud sitting in the Rajya Sabha.
महाकालेश्वर की सुरक्षा पर सुप्रीम फैसला, आखिरी केस बाद जस्टिस मिश्रा बोले शिवजी की कृपा से... via
भाजपा “सांसद” के संस्कारवान सुपुत्र सिकंदर खेर हैं ये,क्या NCB इनसे पूछेगी कि बेटा ये कोकीन कहाँ से आयी.
की एक अदालत ने को आत्मसमर्पण के लिए आखिरी मौका दिया है।
फैसला लेने में बहुत तेज तो है ही इसीलिए बैंक ऑफ चाइना को पूरे भारत में शाखा खोलने की अनुमति मिल रही है
Know how much will be charged and what documents will be required to update Aadhaar, UIDAI released the complete list via
I am not from Mumbai, but I have been to Mumbai 6 times, the most beautiful and safe city in India where a girl or any person can roam the road safely even at night. Stupid 5th spread Kangana should be jailed for comparing Mumbai to POK ...
   कल ऐसा लग रहा था जैसे अंधभक्तों और सड़कछाप दलालो पर किसी ने कीड़े मारने वाली दवा का छिड़काव कर दिया हो सब के सब बिलबिला रहे…
The Sunni Bakf Board has decided that Babri Hospital will be built on the land found for the Trustmaster's Stroke Babri Masjid.
Pakistan overcomes the corona WHO praises Pakistan, in our country, the corona virus is hitting fast, Bigg Boss, maybe the corona virus is waiting for your task
The new comrades took membership of the Aam Aadmi Party.
Messi has been associated with Barcelona since childhood. Barcelona means Messi for all the fans. But now there are reports that this relationship is going to break. Lionel Messi wants to break away from Barcelona.
The video shows Taiwan killing Chinese fighters
B.j.p. What will Modi ji say on this act of MLA Anil Upadhyay, who is giving open statements, he will die by ramming us into his house, who will speak against Modi and BJP. Immediate action should be taken.
Two mosques, temples and churches to be built in new Telangana Secretariat, announced by Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar
We have to do it otherwise, this bastard sinner considers his father's property, all of Bihar will have to change this time, whoever comes most welcome but can make progress, provide employment and stop industry from escaping. We want our Bihar to be a prosperous job where we give employment to people of other states.
Your film needs support, so in the Sushant case, Charasi became the queen of devotees, Mumbai feeds people like you from other states, Mumbai gives name and fame. You are a real traitor. Mumbai is heaven.
From depositing electricity bills to passports, post offices in your neighborhood will be available, through services
On one hand, while the forces of India and China are facing each other on the LAC, Pakistan has made a big conspiracy to take advantage of this opportunity to infiltrate the terrorists into India on the Line of Control.
Yesterday, patients infected with Kovid 19 were also found in some jails of the state. In order to not spread the infection in the jail, a separate protocol is being issued for prisoners, ACS, Medical and Health, Shri Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Immediately after birth, the infant needs to have breast milk and proper nutrition on the day of onset. See what are the basis of nutrition ...
सीएम योगी के दखल पर सस्पेंड हुए दबंग दारोगा को चौकी इंचार्ज बनाए जाने पर विवाद, फिर हुआ लाइन हाजिर
In the Bundelkhand region, which has suffered decades of backwardness, there was a sunrise of development in the year. With the efforts of the Prime Minister Agriculture Irrigation Scheme and Har Ghar Nal under the guidance of the Honorable Prime Minister, the years-old problems of this sector are coming to an end.
रेलवे ने शिमलाकालका ट्रैक पर एक परीक्षार्थी के लिए चलाई स्पेशल एग्जाम ट्रेन, जानिए पूरा मामला
   अच्छा सुनो... को भारत से हटाओ.. हमारे मोदी जी द्वारा बनाए गए , और का locati…
भारतचीन झड़प में मारे गए चीनी सैनिकों के शव हैं 
अबे कोठे की दल्ली से पैदा हुआ सूअर, दाउद के हलाला करने से पैदा हुआ सूअर है तु कमिनी ।
Amid the ongoing border dispute with China, RBI allowed Bank of China to open a branch in India.
Deepika Padukone buying liquor in Mumbai… a great example of social distance… no servants… not many drivers…
Former MLA Nirvendra Kumar Mishra beaten up in Lakhimpur Kheri, UP, son's condition critical
Under AssamFloods, we found that Twitter users were sharing these photos as recent photos. About lakh people have been affected by the floods in Assam and reportedly people have died.
Kangana Ranaut has been discussing the Sushant case and now Mumbai for the last few times. In such a situation, if you could say one thing to Kangana Ranaut, what would that be?
Jitan Ram Manjhi's Hindustani Awam Morcha HAM will join the National Democratic Alliance NDA in Bihar today. The party left the Grand Alliance last month.
The mortal remains of former President Pranab Mukherjee were kept at Rajaji Marg, his official residence in New Delhi, for his last visit. President Ram Nath Kovind, Vice President M. Venkaiah Naidu, Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid floral tributes to Ranbamukherjee.
Riya Chakraborty questioned for more than an hour today, NCB team called again yesterday, see asks YouTube live TV on Republic India with Aishwarya
This transfer has been done with the condition that he will pay the honorarium of the personnel to the department first and only then the remuneration amount will be paid to the executing organization. It has been conveyed by GVK EMRI that the honorarium of all the personnel has been paid.
आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री जी के मार्गदर्शन में केंद्रीय मंत्रिपरिषद द्वारा नेशनल रिक्रूटमेंट एजेंसी के गठन का निर्णय स्वागतयोग्य है। यह व्यवस्था ईज ऑफ रिक्रूटमेंट, ईज ऑफ सेलेक्शन तथा ईज ऑफ जॉब प्लेसमेंट प्रदान करते हुए ईज ऑफ लिविंग का आधार बनेगी।
Mr. Syama, it is also the government's fault that there is a need to emerge from fiction, a lot of improvement is needed. The rest are you stupid
The former finance secretary said that this happened because the strategy of locking the lockdown was not correct
Do not vote for Modi again if you want to reduce the price of petrol.
This actress, who made her digital debut with 'Badi Baat', will now be seen in this religious show, get full details here
कुछ ऐसी थी बाबरी मस्जिद. ्तकालादिन
UP's big jump in Ease of Doing Business Ranking, found second in the country
राष्ट्रीय नेतृत्व के निर्देशानुसार आज सिंगरौली में ऑक्सीजन जांच अभियान के तहत लोगों के ऑक्सीजन स्तर की जांच की गई।
After the mother lost the father within the day Gaurav Chopra's parents died, the mother left the world due to cancer on August, the father did not even live on August
In every age, including the death of Corona year old girl, new cases, positive in districts, number of dead, total infected
कालाबाजारी एवं जमाखोरी करने वाले लोगों के खिलाफ एफआईआर दर्ज करते हुए लोगों को गिरफ्तार किया गया है ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
ओसमानिया हॉस्पिटल का ये हाल है कोरोना के डेड बॉडीज को लेकर इस वायरस को मज़ाक मत समझो प्लीज  यह ओसमानिया हॉस्पिटल का हाल है  जल्द हैदराबाद सीरिया जैसा हो जाएगा  अगर थोड़े दिन ऐसे ही हाल है तो अपन लगा को फ़र्ज़ नमाज़ से बढ़कर जनाज़े की नमाज़ पड़ने पड़ते 
ये सच्चाई की जीत है, ये साहस की जीत है... ये भरोसे की जीत है, ये भारत की जीत है इन लिंक पर क्लिक कर, जल्द डाउनलोड करें  Android iOS
One thing was asked, people who have become Congressmen again, can they become human beings or will they be spins
After passing in the Lok Sabha, all Bangladeshi Hindus are coming to India without permission.
In the judgment, the Supreme Court also said that the judges should not hold a press conference. The press conference that the judges held in January was not correct. The court also said that Prashant Bhushan gave his written reply to the press before filing it in the court.
GDP data announced today, may be the worst quarter of Indian economy
भारत ने जम्मूकश्मीर का मुद्दा हमेशा के लिए यूएनएससी से हटाने को कहा
Good morning to the big Chandrika Devi temple, Mahoba. Know who was the total goddess of Alhaudal and what is the Chandela dynasty's connection with this ancient temple, come to the big Chandrika Devi temple of Mahoba.
US Open Novak Djokovic out of line due to ball to line judge
The amount of ghee you put in the dog's tail remains crooked, the day we got it, your drums will be put in your backyard
Nautanki starts like Bangalore, Muslims in Sweden save the church by making chains
दिल्लीपश्चिम बंगाल से कलेक्शन में भारी गिरावट
Sanatan has to move forward .. But Mulloy has to be friends. Toes bitches
सुप्रीम कोर्ट का चिन्ह बदल गया.... ‘सत्यमेव जयते’ की जगह.. ।।यतो धर्मस्ततो जय ।। यानी अब धर्म कि विजय निश्चित है वाह मोदी जी वाह
The defense ministry has made a big deal to strengthen its military strength amid increasing tension on the Indo-China border.
Banners of Sushant's name in Budapest, fans said 'whole world wants justice'
A new alternative strategic road to reach the BRO Leh border is rapidly underway in Ladakh amid escalating military tensions with China. Exclusive report of Aaj Tak reporter other video
Happy Teacher's Day to all countrymen.
इंस्पेक्टर सुरजन और पत्नी रोशनी के बीच गली में बहस होते देख का पात्र सिर्फ चार लफ़्ज बोलता है “बाद में आता हूं.” और उस सीन में आंखों और चेहरे के भावों का इस्तेमाल भी नहीं कर पाते, बस अपनी शारीरिक भाव भंगिमा से अपनी बेचैनी जाहिर कर देते हैं.
Kangana's mother Asha Ranaut joined the BJP. All this game was meant to promote the mother, but the rest of the farmers are eating lathiya.
हमने सफलतापूर्वक अम्फन और निसर्ग तूफ़ान की जानकारी दी आपदा प्रबंधन की तैयारियों की वजह से तूफ़ान से निपटने में मदद मिली मौसम विभाग
Metro's ground report from cities found tokens sanitized with ultraviolet technology in Lucknow. The initial trains in Delhi ran empty.
If the electoral process can be completed on time then why can't the government exams be completed on time with this hashtag and what else are the other people writing
एडिटिंग वेबसाइट का इस्तेमाल कर बनाई गई छत्रपति शिवाजी महाराज के साथ  के नोट की एक तस्वीर व्हाट्सएप्प पर शेयर की जा रही है इसमें दावा किया गया है कि संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका ने फरवरी को विश्व छत्रपति शिवाजी दिवस घोषित किया है 
Train for NEET students in Mumbai
बिहार OFSS  इंटरमीडिएट एडमिशंस के लिए दूसरी मेरिट लिस्ट हुई रिलीज
Photos पीपीई किट पहनकर किया गया पूर्व राष्ट्रपति का अंतिम संस्कार
केंद्रीय मंत्री रामदास अठावले की सलाह  गुलामनबी आजाद और कपिल सिब्बल को बीजेपी में शामिल होना चाहिए 
HC के आदेश पर डॉ कफ़ील मथुरा की जेल से ढेर रात को रिहा
Posts are vacant in government departments, whose examination was done before the year, they have not got joining till now and the problem of unemployment in the state is dreadful, yet you are busy in election rallies by buying new airplane with government money. Shiva, be ashamed of something. .
इनका रेट फिक्स है ₹ शाहीन बाग
किसने की अमरनाथ गुफा की खोज, जानिए अमरनाथ यात्रा और इसके प्रबंध के बारे में सब कुछ रिपोर्ट 
Please take necessary action by taking cognizance.
The wife of ISIS suicide militant Abu Yusuf was asked what changes you had seen in the Shahr, more people were sitting in the mosque. They kept the Quran with them all the time. Namaz was banned. Zakir used to watch videos of Naik. If you see such symptoms in a momin near you, then inform the police.
Kashmir is a tale of pain, Kashmir is a story of infidelity. Kashmir is a symbol of oppression and excess. Kashmir is a sign of Khudari.
मनुस्मृति लागू हो गई है भाई दलित बैकवर्ड के बच्चे को नौकरी करने की अधिकार नहीं दलित बैकवर्ड के बच्चे मजदूरी करेंगे बाथरूम लैट्रिन साफ करेंगे झाड़ू मारेंगे वह भी प्राइवेट के तौर पर के महीने पर कचरा उठाएंगे इनके घर से कचरा ढूढेंगे यह बच गई है बैकवर्ड दलित की काम
पाकिस्तानी हिंदू विस्थापितों की मौत ISI का हाथ, इस्लाम कबूल करवाने की साजिश या लोकल माफिया
LAC पर भारतीय सेना द्वारा चीन के मुंह की खाने के बाद सियासत तेज
कुत्ते शुअर की औलाद कितनी भी नौटंकी कर के UP के चुनाव में तुम जैसे भ्रष्ट ग़द्दार और देशद्रोही कुत्तों को सिर्फ़ जूते मिलेंगे और कुछ नहीं
People who killed Sushant, do they want to kill justice fight for Sushant, see India asks LIVE on Republic India with Arnab
What do these people say repeatedly that Dalits are persecuted in Pakistan. Say against them how foolish people are. Pakistan is no longer a part of the country, because of the deeds of your ancestors, otherwise our country is unbroken to the Iran border. Could not handle
More special trains are being planned, Ministry of Railways is being consulted by state governments
Nitish government takes big steps amid Bihar flood and Corona crisis, the effect is visible on the ground
Who thinks that Rahul Gandhi's watchman is a thief?
पुलिस ने चोरियों का करा खुलासा, शातिर चोरों को किया गिरफ्तार बाइक, लैपटॉप, भारी मात्रा में सामन बरामद, शातिर अंदाज में घटना को अंजाम देते थे चोर, टसोरों गेट चौकी के पास से किया गिरफ्तार, SOG टीम, पुलिस की संयुक्त कार्रवाई
Silent Kovid 19 in children can remain in the nose and throat of the children for several weeks.
Everyone is against JEE or NEET exam, but this picture is not of JEE main, but of Comedk, please do not share this picture in the name of JEE.
The Chief Minister has expressed condolences on the demise of former President Bharat Ratna Shri Pranab Mukherjee. The Chief Minister has said that Shri Pranab Mukherjee was a symbol of purity, transparency and candor in public life.
Allah has decided that these abusers will be eliminated .. We will become Sharia .. There is a beginning somewhere .. Patra claimed that Khan has said these things. He further said, Now you also think .. All Allah will decide or will you decide something whether you want to become Sharia or not
Good morning friends and tell me, how did our modi ji have the power to stop his third consecutive victory with China, whenever China kills our soldiers it stops their apps.
Another revelation in the Bikeru scandal, Amar's wife Khushi also playing a role in the crime, misleading the police, will remain in jail
A viral video from the Galwan Valley of Ladakh which the Chinese Army killed on Line of Actual Control in Kashmir
की लड़की और के लड़के में इश्क, लवर्स ने किया कुछ ऐसा पूरे इलाके में मचा है हंगामा
यह एक व्यक्तिगत झड़प थी जो बस के कार में टकराने पर हुई थी यह सांप्रदायिक नहीं है और दिल्ली में होने का कोई सवाल पैदा नहीं होता, ये कन्नड़ में हुआ था
China detained Australian journalist
चीन का आरोप, भारतीय सैनिकों ने किया एलएसी का उल्लंघन
वेंटिलेटर और मास्क में घोटाला गुजरात सरकार की स्वास्थ्य सेवाओं की बदहाली को उजागर करता है लेकिन क्या किसी TV पर आपने इस घोटाले पर बहस देखी “महामारी में महाघोटाला”
For the job of dog handler, B.Tech degree and salary of thousand rupees, just after reading this, social media boomed. Eventually IIT Delhi had to clarify.
छोटी मोटी भ्रष्टाचार टैक्सपेयर कि पैसा बैंक में रखी हुई उसे निकाल लिया सृजन घोटाला मनरेगा में अपनी जात वाले को सचिव बनाकर लाखों करोड़ लूट लिया बिहार भ्रष्टाचार बलात्कार अपराध में नंबर वन एक दरोगा अरबपति हो जाता हैं बाकी की बातें छोड़ दीजिए
The girl committed suicide by hanging fans, the police also recovered a suicide note from the spot, suspected of suicide due to financial constraints, the matter of taking money in the suicide note, the case of sector of Ghazipur area.
In Janmashtami, the peacock feather is so important that killing so many lives is also valid. After all, why is the uproar of the sacrifice of Bakrid Eid why only Machemulle can get discussion everywhere, give them the right to some discussion
See what has happened in the NCB inquiry so far
The stock of fake notes was caught from Gujarat and the consignment of fake notes found in the car of honest union supporter Mr. Ketan Dave…
Congress MP H Vasant Kumar died of Corona virus on August. He is the first MP of the country whose death is due to Corona. One of his speeches is quite viral. In this, they are demanding that Corona be declared a national disaster and help the needy.
Instructions to remain alert to security forces at China, Bhutan and Nepal border
A statue of a man who paddled a bicycle on the wall of the ancient Panchvarna Swamy temple in Tamil Nadu is a year-old wonderfully depicted picture, whereas in Europe it was invented only years ago.
SpiceJet launches portable ventilator in battle against Corona
If your blood is associated with a Sanatani religion, you should also tweet on the Palghar Sadhu massacre, which will give peace to the soul of the Sadhu Mahatma.
You must have heard the familiar name of Tipu Sultan. It is a very bad misfortune that a film is made on the people of our country who wreak havoc on the Indians and they are portrayed as a great warrior who will destroy hundreds of temples killing millions of Hindus. He is appearing as a hero in the country today, the actor has gone for the film, who is suffering from a strong jihadist mentality, now Hindus will take this ticket and watch this movie and the people of the fun film industry will take our money, our tyranny also But even after we were persecuted, the persecutors today became the heroes of this country.
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत का नाम स्थायी रूप से रजिस्ट्री वॉल्ट में दर्ज कर लिया गया है और इसके सभी अधिकारों और विशेषाधिकारों को स्टार रजिस्टर के साथ कॉपीराइट किया गया है।
New cases were reported here in Delhi in the last hours.
When will the corona virus vaccine come and how much will it cost? Story and voice Mansi Dash
By fixing the rate of your community, in which Shaheen Bagh is sold not once in the whole country, in which you are also named
वीडियो को शेयर करते हुए अक्षय ने बताया कि ये बहुत चैलेंजिंग था. जंगल में क्लिफ करने के साथसाथ उन्हें हाथी के मल से बनी चाय भी पीनी पड़ी. वैसे ट्रेलर में दिख रहा है कि वो चाय अक्षय ने तो पी लेकिन ने अपनी चाय से छिपाकर फेंक दी.
Had tried to infiltrate again yesterday but Indian soldiers repulsed
The SP and the police could not do anything about the unemployed who played clap and thali on September, nor did the youth…
RJD नेता श्याम रजक ने CM नीतीश कुमार पर उठाया सवाल, पूछा कहां गई आपकी नैतिकता
It is just the year of survival, do not worry about profit and loss, it is most important to keep yourself alive. This statement has been issued by Ratan Tata to all traders in the country.
There is a constant tension between India and China on the Line of Actual Control.
DNA WORLD EXCLUSIVE on Dawood Ibrahim, Imran Khan will confess the truth on Dawood
Modi ji, talk about the youth, talk about employment, talking about toys does not provide employment to the youth, earlier you used to shout, I will develop, where will my development disappear
Country's GDP declines in first quarter
Softbank may purchase TicketLock Chinese app to be launched in India again
Shame the police brother, how much will the thug Poonam fall down, the policeman is a bastard! Two handcuffed criminals
चीन को बड़ा झटका देने की तैयारी में ऑटो इंडस्ट्री, साल में आधा रह जाएगा आयात via
On the eve of Independence Day, many congratulations and many best wishes to all the people of India, living in the country
Riya Chakraborty claimed estrangement between Sushant and his family in an interview
The video shows water entering the house after the floods in Delhi.
मप्र सरकार के राज्यमंत्री श्री बृजेन्द्र सिंह यादव जी के अस्वस्थ होने की जानकारी प्राप्त हुईI ईश्वर से आपके शीघ्र ही स्वस्थ होने की प्रार्थना करता हूं।
देखो ये कुतिया पुरी तरह से पगलागयी है यीससे बडा सबुत और क्या चाहीए, यीसको मुनीसीप्यालीटि वालेके हवाले करदेना चाहीए।
NCB's press conference: We have called Riya again for questioning tomorrow. Watch NCB YouTube live TV on Republic India
Friends, this is a Gujarati who is himself a supporter of Congress, he himself will be producing children with his sisters-in-law, so it is tarnishing the relationship of sister-brother and Hindu faith is insulting Lord Shri Ram, some Congress people are calling it worker. God believes those who call themselves Hindus
Who himself came as a fakir One day I will make the country a fakir. How is it
डीसी रोहतक कैप्टन मनोज कुमार ने बाजारों व कंटेन्मेंट जॉन का अधिकारियों के साथ किया निरीक्षण।
ISM के इस विद्यार्थी की मृत्यु हो गयी है क्योंके इसके जन्मदिन पर इसके दोस्तों ने इसे कुछ इस तरह बर्थडे बम्प्स दिए के अगले दिन इसके पेट मे दर्द हुआ।पेनक्रियाज क्षतिग्रस्त हो गए। ऑपरेशन हुआ लेकिन जान नही बच सकी। कृपया हर एक जो इस पोस्ट को देखे कृपया कभी ऐसे बम्पस अपने मित्र को न दे जिसकी वजह से वो आपसे हमेशा के लिए आपसे दूर चला जाए इर आप उसे जीवन भर याद कर पछताते रहे। बच्चों के मात पिता जो इस पोस्ट को देखे वह अपने परिवारों को इसके लिए अलर्ट करे। यह घटना मजाक मजाक में आपके परिवार के साथ भी घटित हो सकती है। शेयर करे ।
Modi ji is requested to reduce the petrol rupees to GB of the net old rate and all knowledge of GDP will enter the backyard.
You know from the teacher child in Pakistan that our ancestors were monkeys. Your children were terrorists.
The US space agency NASA has released many rare, stunning and amazing pictures of the universe.
आजादी की लड़ाई के दौरान चचा का गला दबाकर उन्हें यातनाएं देने की कोशिस करती अंग्रेज महिला…बाद में चचा ने धोबी पछाड़ मार इस महिला से पूरी रात जंग लड़के बदला लिया…चचा निर्भीक थे, देश के लिए जुझारू होकर लड़ते थे… देश चचा को याद रखेगा…
Maharashtra Home Minister's embarrassing statement said Kangana Ranaut does not have the right to live in Mumbai
कमीने, खुद की गलती मान ले और सुधर जा, हो सकता है, जनता माफ कर दे ।
जब तुम जेसे दल्ले बैठे है तो किसान और युवा उम्मीद भी क्या कर सकता है  चोर साला
Ma of Union Territory of Ladakh A courtesy call was given today from the Lieutenant Governor Shri Radha Krishna Mathur. Ladakh is an integral part of our country and after the formation of Ladakh, new dimensions of development and prosperity are constantly being created under the able leadership of Shri Mathur.
Rather than cooperate in the Corona investigation, the jihadist jihadis do nothing wrong with the doctors ... How should the government treat these jihadis directly?
Kangana Ranaut gets Y category protection. The home ministry has given Kangana a Y-class security.
There is a huge number of policemen roaming around in police uniforms but there is no trust whether they are really policemen or there is no confidence in BJP goons wearing uniforms of RSS and Hinduist organizations
Films are closed due to any dispute, or due to financial troubles.
कर्जा ना चुकाने पर कर्नाटक के किसानों को खेतों से गिरफ्तार करती पुलिस  राहुल गाँधी ने चुनावों जीतन इ पर किसानों का कर्जा माफ़ करने का वादा नहीं निभाया ये किसानों के हमदर्द नही। किसानों पर कोड़े बरसाने वाले सरकार है 
The tricolor fluttering gracefully at Lal Chowk in Srinagar. At one time, terrorists used to shoot even when hoisting the tricolor there. Jai Hind
Valiwood's clown and impotent drug mafia Karan Johar gang will have to be uprooted, which has insulted our country's proud army. Before this Ekta Kapur insulted soldiers, how such Congress and drug mafia has been awarded the Padma Shri. is
प्रणब मुखर्जी नहीं रहे
Defense Minister talks with Army officials on LAC dispute
The country's opposition and the country's opposition MPs have become insane forgetting their dignity.
   कौन कौन मानता है आज का मीडिया देश के लिए हानिकारक है.....
Kangana has increased even more than Fangoo. Yesterday, Maharashtra was speaking Pak Occupied Kashmir ... Today Jai is speaking Maharashtra ......
Media will not show from the platform of Karnataka BJP's C.M, when Guru ji opposes CAA, CM flares up, you have never seen such a respect, a share is formed, friend
In Delhi, the Karnataka Congress was trying to set CM DK Shivakumar's Delhi money on fire. Congress is such a thief. .. share it to everyone.
Bahubali's big gift Prabhas surprised his gym trainer Laxman Reddy by surprise
का Full Schedule आया सामने, ने किया आधिकारिक ऐलान
Give the first bread in the morning to the cow and the second bread to the dog and if the dog cannot be found, give it to a Congress spoon.
The Urwanchal Expressway project will boost the social and economic development of the covered areas as well as the income of agriculture, commerce, tourism and industries…. .
महाराष्ट्र के पालघर में महसूस किए गए भूकंप के झटके, रिक्टर स्केल पर तीव्रता
Pranab Mukherjee was Ashok Gehlot who handled the country in the economic downturn
Speak with me, Allahuqbar comes out of the crowd on his saying, Allahuqbar's outright voice, now is the Congress now openly saying "Lahuhu Akbar"
These police outposts of Bihar's Kushinagar became the base of recovery, after giving money from the truck, they can move forward
से ज्यादा डॉक्टर्स, नर्स की इटली में मौत, भगवान वायरस से दुनिया की रक्षा करें। इस फोटो को तमाम यूजर्स शेयर कर रहे हैं। इटली एक ऐसा देश रहा है, जहां कोरोनावायरस ने हजार से ज्यादा लोगों की जान ले ली।
Former President Pranab Mukherjee died yesterday after prolonged illness, the government has announced the day's national mourning over the demise of the former President, during which the national flag will be half bowed at the government buildings.
Rahul Gandhi will once again have an affair in court, after the Mumbai mumbai, now will be produced in Ahmedabad
Didn't the stomach fill with eating GDP, was it more sizzling than tikki
Railway employees staged tremendous drama ,,,,, docking is not a publicity issue for the media. The issue is Sushant, Anushka's delivery is ,,,
तेरे जैसे भड़वों को बस किसानों को उकसाने का काम ही आता है, अबे गंदी नाली की पैदाइश तुम लोग चाहो तो किसानों को आपस मे लड़वा कर अपना फ़ायदा तक उठा सकते हो। एक बात सुन ले मोदी जी है तभी ये देश आज बचा है तू मोदीजी के आगे कुछ भी नही है । साला सुअर की जात
IAS आलोक पांडेय की हुई गुजरात वापसी, साल की प्रतिनियुक्ति पूरी होने के बाद भेजे गए गुजरात, सहारनपुर के डीएम रद पर प्रदेश में रहे कार्यरत, आलोक पांडेय, अगस्त को यूपी से रिलीव हुए आलोक.
Take out a torch procession with unemployment day; If you take out candle march on India Gate, take out a torch procession on the road, fought on social media in your state capital, and file a protest. Enclose the MPs and besiege the Chief Minister of the state
BJP विधायक अनिल उपाध्याय की देश भक्ति वाला डांस बैंकाक में जनता का विकास करते हुऐ वाइरल हुआ है बिडियो खुद देख ले
BJP leaders often blame the previous Congress governments on everything, but the last year had said this while giving strong advice.
In Mumbai, Riya Chakraborty lodged a complaint against Sushant Singh Rajput's sister Priyanka for giving a fake medicine, a complaint from RML's doctor Tarun.
The Supreme Court has given time to the telecom companies to pay the outstanding dues of about one lakh thousand crores of adjusted gross revenue.
Big success to Delhi Police, arrested after two terrorist encounter of Babbar Khalsa International
The green signal of the Chief Minister, the speed of the new Kashi settlement, the acquisition of hectares of land in Varanasi will be acquired, ₹ 17 thousand crores will be spent.
Action has been taken under Fake News taking cognizance of the cases so far. So far, people have been arrested by filing FIR in the state ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Chinese maneuver near Ladakh, soldiers arrived by vehicles
This Amma is a registered misery of Congress. Old lady seen with different Congress leaders in photos is same
It is coming to hear that someone is breathing last, there is still time to apologize for their sins,
I have learned this language from Arnav Goswami, I was copying the same language from Maharashtra CM and learned the same language from him.
The policeman coughs and suddenly falls to the ground. This happened to the policeman after the coronavirus attack
Defamation case will be presented in Ahmedabad court today
कुछ छात्र नौकरियां मांग रहे हैं तो कुछ इकॉनमिस्ट उन्हें ठेला लगाने की सलाह दे रहे हैं. ठेलेवालों के बच्चे ठेला ही लगाएंगे, तो अधिकारी कौन बनेगा सिर्फ राजा का बेटा ही राजा बनेगा बाद में यही इकॉनमिस्ट ठेलेवाले का बेटा बना आईएएस स्टोरी शेयर कर खुद को ही महान समझते हैं.
Outstanding scholar of Indian culture, outstanding orator, great philosopher, visionary thinker, devoted to lifelong education, pay homage to the honorable Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, former President of the country on his birth anniversary.
Opposition party is going to meet the President about the bill, what is the status of Ramnath Kovind, who does not sign the bill, Ramnath Govind is spoiling nothing more than rubber stamps, waste the time of the opposition party, stop India, Ambani Adani Teach a dog a lesson
Till now the chains are wrapped in slavery .... The day of freedom comes but freedom does not come ......
Where Muslims are in the minority, they want equal rights. But where they become majority there minority take away all rights from Hindus. Are only Hindus taking the contract of secularism
मुझे आशा है कि आप अपने अगले भोजन यू वसा कुतिया पर चोक करेंगे
Riya Chakraborty arrested, the dock media took a sigh of relief, hope of a good day among the devotees, now unemployment will end…
भारत दिनों के लॉकडाउन में है यह कदम नोवेल कोरोनावायरस को फैलने से रोकने के लिए उठाया गया है इस वायरस ने अब तक भारत में करीब लोगो को संक्रमित किया है और मौतें हुई हैं विश्व भर में इस संक्रमण के करीब मामले हैं और मौतें हो चुकी हैं
August came and went, getting ready, ready to go in September, I am waiting for the dreams of hopes, good night to come to you
भारत के पूर्व राष्ट्रपति श्री प्रणब मुखर्जी जी का निधन का राष्ट्र के लिए बड़ी क्षति है। देश ने एक दूरदृष्टा वरिष्ठ नेता खोया है। एक गांव से उठ कर आपने अपनी क्षमता, कठिन परिश्रम, समर्पण और अनुशासन के सहारे देश का शीर्षस्थ पद को सुशोभित किया।
NDTV's people kept dripping saliva outside their owners' office all day yesterday thinking that maybe some fresh sack will be found today, but eventually the same dry bone that they had been licking for years ..
On the lines of Palghar, Sant Pushpendra Swarup Ji Maharaj has been attacked by peacekeepers in Hoshiyar Pur, Punjab, when he was with son at home, why is this sadhu being killed in Congress ruled states only.
Metro services in various cities of the country started this morning after a gap of more than a month. These cities are Delhi, Lucknow, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad.
Amit Kumar, who works in Delhi Fire Service, bravely lost his life while saving the lives of people. Delhi salutes his sacrifice. Today, he met his family and gave him an honor amount of ₹ 1 crore. I hope that the family will get some help with this amount.
दिल्ली कैपिटल्स टीम के असिस्टेंट फिज़ियोथैरेपिस्ट कोविड टेस्ट में पॉज़िटिव पाए गए हैं. पता चला है कि यूएई पहुंचने के बाद डीसी के फिज़ियो साहब पहले दो टेस्ट में नेगेटिव आए थे. लेकिन तीसरे टेस्ट की उनकी रिपोर्ट पॉज़िटिव आ गई है.
In the womb, the child learns what his mother listens to and sees, some one learned to break the chakravyuh, and some one groped.
Encounter between police miscreants, Jeetendra rewarded for thousands of injuries, a constable is also injured in the encounter, Jitendra is accused of manuring businessman robbery, encounter on Milak road of Chandausi Kotwali.
It is she who is campaigning in Haiya's nomination, Kurmeharkour. Together these people will develop Gusserai. There is no shame
This winter there will be fire in Sonechandi, know what will be the reason through this
Rama in the mouth, Nathuram in the mind; Tricolor in the skull; Riot in the skull
LIVE Update: Bharat Ratna former President Pranab Mukherjee, PM Modi shared memorable photo on Twitter
A post on social media is spreading fast claiming that a bike raider kidnapped a preschool child in the Nagarbhavi area of ​​Bengaluru.
On behalf of India it was said that China should work together with India to completely withdraw from the disputed areas including Pangong Tso Lake, as per bilateral agreements.
Neither Nehruji would have made JNU nor Nirmala Sitharaman would have studied in JNU or economy has been sinking ... now tell me what is wrong
If Congress MLA praises PM Modi, India will soon be a country like America. Only those who are corrupt want Modi to lose. Congress MLA Anil Upadhyay also praised PM Modi's pool of compliments.
पेट्रोल पंप पर दबंगों ने की सेल्समैन से मारपीट, दबंगों ने सेल्समैन का तोड़ा मोबाइल, फ्री में पेट्रोल डालने का बना रहे थे दबाव, CCTV के आधार पर जांच में जुटी पुलिस, हरगांव का मामला.
दिल्ली की लिस्ट है या लाहौर की आम आदमी पार्टी की दिल्ली विधानसभा की पहली लिस्ट शेयर करे और देखे केजरीवाल उर्फ केजरुद्दीन जो दिल्ली को किस तरह स्व पाकिस्तान बनाना चाह रहे है सब आपके सामने है उनके विधायको की पहली लिस्ट जागो हिन्दू जागो
Tweet your opinion on life, poison and crime Watch LIVE
   देशभक्तों से भरी सेना को लद्दाख़ की सुरक्षा की चिंता है अंधभक्तों से भरी भाजपा को कंगना की सुरक्षा की चिंता है
I am sorry for the sad demise of Shri Pranab Mukherjee, former President of India. I express my heartfelt condolences to the Nepalese people, the Government of Nepal and personally to the Indian public, the Government of India and the heartbroken family. Nepal lost a true friend after his death
 आत्मनिर्भर बनो और हाथ से हिलाकर सो जाओ ठीक है 
Guidelines decide to keep school colleges closed until August, night curfew lifted Read more at
पूर्व प्रधानमंत्री इंदिरा गांधी की दुर्लभ तस्वीरों में से एक। में लेह के जवानों को संबोधित करते हुए।
The ancient Sun Temple of Kandaha, which is being saharsa anonymous, was constructed by the son of Lord Shri Krishna
In compliance with the guidelines of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Government of Karnataka has announced more relaxation in lockdown in the state. Fifty percent teaching and attendance of non-teaching personnel has been ordered for conducting online classes in schools in the state.
Stay in your position as much as Pakistan is a government company in you, our pm has been sold in the last year.
The sacrifice of Shri Ravi Kumar Singh Ji, resident of Mirzapur, a martyr district in Baramulla, Jammu and Kashmir is incredible. A road in the district will be named in honor of the martyr. An amount of ₹ 50 lakh will be provided to a family of martyr Shri Ravi Kumar Singh Ji as a government job and financial assistance.
Do not leave saints, no matter how dissatisfied you are, do not leave a spoon.
Telecom companies get big relief on AGR, court gives year time to repay dues
Many wishes to all countrymen on Shri Ganesh Chaturthi. With the grace of Vighnaharta Ganapati Bappa, I wish that the corona epidemic ends soon.
Encounter between the police and the miscreants, the miscreant injured by the bullet, the police arrested the miscreants, the encounter with the accused of uprooting the ATMs, the pistols from the miscreants, the bike, the car recovered, the injured miscreant sent to the hospital, the ATM cutting machine recovered
If the mosques are evacuated, they will fall into the ground. Maulana
दरींदा है साला तू गोलि मार देनी चाहीये
वर्षों में कांग्रेस अगर एक भी अच्छे अस्पताल वनवा लेते तो,  आज सोनिया गांधी को अमेरिका जाने की नोवत नहीं आती ।।।
त्वरित सहायता हेतु कृपया डायल करें,
April से June2020 जापान  अमेरिका  जर्मनी  कनाडा  इटली  फ्रांस  ब्रिटेन में  और भारत में  की गिरावट की रिपोर्ट है सिर्फ के आका चीन मे  की वृद्धि हुई हर देशों के GDP का कारण कोरोना नहीं जी हैं।
There is no shame in Modi government, P. Chidambaram will not accept his mistake
And your status is to make a puncher, Manusmriti will become a puncher, Jahilo like you will not understand Dalit Vinod has heard in Delhi, you know what you did, Karna, Eklavya Abe Jahil Jaa first read the full Who was in the seminary Where do you know
राष्ट्रीय स्वच्छ वायु योजना के लिए शहरों को मदद दी गई स्वच्छ हवा के लिए उद्योगों के मानकों को हम ऊपर लेकर गए राज्यों को अब इसमें आकर वन विभाग के बजट को बढ़ाना होगा प्रकाश जावडेकर
Sachin Pilot has taken membership of BJP.
Union Cabinet condoles the demise of former President Shri Pranab Mukherjee
यूपीः वीं पास करने वालों के लिए खुशख़बरी, छात्रवृत्ति के लिए आवेदन जारी, ऐसे करें अप्लाई
It was very sad to hear the news of the demise of former President Bharat Ratna Shri Pranab Mukherjee. He was intelligent and capable. My condolences to his family and friends. Om Shanti
Conspiracy to occupy black top failed
With the conditions in Delhi, the Yellow Line Metro started again today.
आईपीएल से पहले चेन्नई सुपरकिंग्स सीएसके को तगड़ा झटका लगा है. सुरेश रैना भारत लौट गए हैं. वे अब आईपीएल में हिस्सा नहीं लेंगे. उन्होंने पर्सनल वजहों से यह फैसला लिया है.
The participation of the Dharmacharyas under the leadership of Pujya Gurudev Brahmalin Mahant Avedyanathji Maharaj at the residence of Domraja Sri Jagdish Chaudhary, the worshiper of Baba Vishwanath, was an unequaled example of the spirit of a non-discriminatory Indian society. Salutations to the virtuous memory of both the souls
Kamini spoke to Kamini in yesterday..they are angry even today ..
Ever since I met the Chinese Ambassador, atrocities on Uygar Muslims have increased in China ... Muslimo's own party has not raised any voice against this atrocity, a revenge of this wickedness to Muslim brothers from Congress Must take
असम, बिहार और यूपी के कई क्षेत्रों में आई बाढ़ से जनजीवन अस्त व्यस्त है। लाखों लोगों पर संकट के बादल छाए हुए हैं।
Can't sleep today yet haven't eaten food, don't know when the bastard will bring
ने के साथ अपना एक वीडियो शेयर किया है।
गोपालगंज कुख्यात अपराधी रहे RJD नेता को बदमाशों ने टहलने के दौरान मारी गोली, हालत गंभीर
बीते साल में GDP का क्या रहा हाल, जानिए
Once again, Sonu Sood showed generosity, helping Madhya Pradesh man in this way
Pakistan beat England by runs in third T20 match, draw from series 1
धूल चटा दो गिद्धों को ,जो घर में घुस कर घात करे, जीभ काट लो कुत्तों की जो हिंदुत्व के खिलाफ बात करे।। जय श्री राम 
Everyone's blood color is red, if Hindus die, then all the silent Muslims die, then why such discrimination?
मध्य प्रदेश में अगले कुछ दिनों में विधानसभा सीटों पर उपचुनाव होना है. इसके लिए कांग्रेस ने उम्मीदवारों के नाम तय किए हैं.
Two terrorists of Babbar Khalsa International were arrested in Delhi, news of firing
COVID19 से सुरक्षित रहने के लिए नियमित रूप से कोविड अनुरूप व्यवहारों का पालन करें। दूसरों को भी इसके लिए प्रोत्साहित करें। बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार
India bought the helicopter and got it worshiped. Why was his prayer not prayed, why was his Christmas not celebrated, is the religion of this thing also, thinking all this, inside me, I am being worried about the country. Well, you guys stay in blind faith, you will not see all this .. There is a lot of irony.
SC ने सुशांत राजपूत का मामला CBI से जांच करने का आदेश दे दिया वो अपना काम करेगी। बिहार सरकार कोविड से लड़ने के लिए शक्ति लगाए amp मीडिया बाढ़, रोजगार amp दूसरी बड़ी समस्या पर ध्यान दे ।
The domestic stock market opened with a downward trend on Monday amid a negative trend in global markets.
Sala does not understand one thing: Rakhi Sawant's movies never come and never the serial. Then how does it spend in a city like Mumbai.
राजीव कुमार ने भारत के नए चुनाव आयुक्त के रूप में पदभार ग्रहण किया
यही तो तब्लीघि वायरस जमात है ये बर्तन धोते नही है ऐसे ही चाट कर साफ करते है अब यही से अंदाज़ा लगा लो जो बाहर से कोरोना इनकी जमात में आये थे उन जेहादियो ने इसमें ही खाया होगा और अब इन जेहादियो में भी वायरस आ गया और अब यही लोग जगह जगह जाकर वायरस फैलाने का काम कर रहे है
If the Mullahs understand the Ram temple, Islam comes in danger, but what happened to Amitabh Bachchan Ranveer and stars, Virat Kohli and players and Ashok Gahlot Akhileshayadva Mamatabanerjee and the leaders who did not open their mouths and circumcised them. Hindus have placed them on their heads
किताब के ख़िलाफ़ डिजिटल दंगा क्यों  बड़ी खबर, बड़ा सवाल, बड़ा खुलासा सिर्फ ZEE NEWS पर पर ट्वीट कीजिए
टीपू सुल्तान पर फिल्म बनने जा रही है, शाहरुख निभा रहे हैं किरदार
Major surgeries were performed last year in the period of June 30 under Naan Kovid, this year also major surgeries were done during the corona transition period, which is a huge achievement of the government ACS, Medical and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
Today all of us will have to stand with the farmers, show us today that we are with the farmer, because the government is with Kangana and the media is with the view of the government.
SP suspended suspended officer of Bulandshahr woman for sending obscene messages and videos on WhatsApp
50 students could not take the exam. Their year was ruined, they will spend another year preparing for another year. Entrance was only taken under the pressure of coaching mafias, our coaching mafias have become agents
The pictures have been protesting in West Bengal on the road damage, but Congress leader Pankhuri Pathak has shared it as saying of Uttar Pradesh.
RBI's permission to start Bank of China branch in India is being shared by linking it with Indo-China border dispute and Boycott China campaign.
के में हिस्सा लेने पर बना सस्पेंस, ऑस्ट्रेलिया के खिलाफ नहीं खेल रहे सीरीज
Now even the son has accepted that his father is a thief and the watchman is a thief. The watchman is the concerned person sticking the sticker of the thief
Anti-drone system deployed at Red Fort under PM Modi's security, DRDO has developed
Where he has his place, he will reach there, big brother, he is a Shiv Sainik, he has also told the whole of Maharashtra to Pakistan, there is no question that he will survive.
 फिर सामने आए हजार से ज्यादा मामले, लाख से ज्यादा मरीज हुए ठीक
Indian army ready to respond to China, ground report from black top
This year, the administration has appealed to Ravana to commit suicide on Dussehra due to social distancing and gathering crowd in view of the Korana epidemic.
If Modi ji becomes PM again, Lakh Muslim people will leave India… Let me tell you that this claim is fake and Shah has not said anything like this
Why do you think the rate of all this, whether it is to be stoned, to do dharna like Shaheen Bagh or to support gangs in pieces, is the rate fixed for such people?
दिल्ली और महाराष्ट्र की ओर से हलफनामा नहीं देने से कोर्ट नाराज़ 
Pigs are telling terrorists a crowd
तेलंगाना विधानसभा का मॉनसून सत्र ोविड19 महामारी की रोकथाम के ऐहतियाती उपायों के साथ आज शुरू होगा।
 स्वदेशी हाइपरसोनिक स्क्रैमजेट का DRDO ने किया सफल परीक्षण, रक्षा मंत्री ने दी बधाई
Sharjeel Imam was arrested in connection with the riots in northeast Delhi in February
My friend, I saw this video you sent. All this can change. The same situation was there in Delhi five years ago. Then the people of Delhi changed their fortunes. Today there are fantastic schools in Delhi. You can also change your fate. The key is in your hand.
डॉ. भारत अग्रवाल का कॉलम चीनी हवाला ऑपरेटर का बॉलीवुड कनेक्शन, भारत में फ्लॉप फिल्मों के चीन में हिट होने का क्या है राज
Rahul Gandhi, who was born as the Prime Minister of India, accepted the reception of the Pakistani Embassy in Dubai yesterday as the main position. The third man from the right is also seen Shuja Pasha, an officer of the Pakistan Intelligence notorious ISI, who is also the coordinator of the China Pakistan Arm Forces. Will Rahul Gandhi or the Congress answer this? Now the common Indian is getting to know the realities of the rally in Dubai, can such a person ever become real of the country
Rohan Bopanna of India and Denis Shapovaloff of Canada will play men's doubles quarter-finals in the US Open Tennis and Novak Djokovic out of the tournament after being disqualified today.
Who has made the film Udta Punjab, when will he make Udta Bollywood, social activist Mamta Kale asked political analyst Sanjay Gupta
How crude oil imports will reduce, Gadkari told via formula
My son Maruti asked me whether God is true or not. I said Close your eyes and chant Om Namo Bhagwate Vasudevya if you see me in your mind, then this is true and my son said I saw Lord in my mind Jai Shree Hari Jai Laxmi Pati
Woman raped by doctor in Corona isolation ward
Statue of Unity has become .. Crores of rupees were spent to show this development model of Statue of Sinking Gujarat .. It is possible if Modi is there.
Watch out for CBI team on Riya Chakraborty and Shruti Modi, asks India LIVE on Republic India with Arnab
The person makes a trip to meet the needs of his wife, we are sensible people, we have formed a government of virgins and saints and Sunita ji, you feel that you are listening to God, so listen to no person in the country is closer to them than God.
Kangana should not be given any work by bollywood. Compares our Mumbai to pok. Upcoming movie of boycott karo, Favor Faramosh Kangna. Mumbai
डिप्रेशन के दौरान अगर कोई शख्स ड्रग्स लेता है तो इसका क्या अंजाम होता है क्या कहते हैं एक्सपर्ट.
जायनवाद समर्थक के तहत भारत क्रूर फासीवादी राज्य बन गया है, जिसमें कोई कानून नहीं है बल्कि हिंदू कट्टरपंथियों द्वारा सड़कों पर भीड़ न्याय कर रही है। यह भारत का झांसी शहर है, जहां हिंदू लोग सड़कों पर मुस्लिमों को मार रहे हैं और आप देख सकते हैं कि आरएसएस के डर से पुलिस कुछ भी नहीं कर रही है।
   कंगना की जगह अगर सलमान भाई भाजपा में अा गए होते, तो भाजपा और दलाल मीडिया यह साबित कर देते की हिरण ने आत्महत्या की थी।…
नसीरुद्दीन शाह की तबीयत खराब, जानिए सोशल मीडिया पर वायरल हो रही इस खबर की सच्चाई
Look at how Adani Ambani's broker Modi is robbing common citizens farmers
Nisha Singh Some Bhagat is so mad that you have got a reply to what you have posted. Ask Nehru, ask Sonia. Now see the dog post at least. What Nisha Singh has written
News of Naseeruddin Shah's deteriorating health, WILL DISTRIBUTE KILO LADDOOS .... WHEN HE GOES UP .. via
India has said that the Chinese military took action to provoke and on August, while talks were on to reduce tensions between the two countries, India has asked China to discipline and control its military, So that it does not take such provocative action
When the bungalow fell, the media started beating the chest, but GDP fell paralyzed the dock media.
China doubling its stock of nuclear weapons, these countries are targeted through
It became completely clear that the Pakistanist and fundamentalist and Christian missionaries have taken over the Waliwood. Underworld's connivance and drug mafia together have taken the contract to destroy India's culture and tradition by the Bollywood mafia.
Kangana Ranaut gets 'Y' category security, Raut threatens to be seen
के विधायक पंकज सिंह संक्रमित पाए गए हैं।
आनंद महिंद्रा ने नितिन गडकरी के सम्मान में खड़े होकर तालियां बजाने का वादा किया
के निधन पर चीन, नेपाल और बांग्लादेश ने भी जताया दुख, जानिए किसने कैसे किया याद
 राज्यों के अनुसार कोरोना संक्रमण की कुल संख्या 
Relatives played the role of the liner in the Lakh robbery case from a former MLA worker, police revealed
. The soldiers presented an example of humanity, in Pithoragarh district, the soldiers raised the dead body of a deceased on their shoulders and walked the km in odd conditions. Reach the family of the deceased by covering the distance in hours
The success of the National Education Policy will depend on the effective contribution of both the Center and the State. Education is the subject of the concurrent list under the Indian Constitution. Therefore, it requires joint and coordinated action by the Center and the States.
मुगल गार्डन का नाम बदलकर अब हमारे देश के प्रथम राष्ट्रपति डॉ राजेन्द्र प्रसाद के सम्मान में राजेन्द्र प्रसाद उद्यान किया जाएगा ।
IPL का आधिकारिक शेड्यूल जारी, प्रशंसकों ने ऐसे दी प्रतिक्रिया
Daily only Rs. Over a million funds can be deposited in a year
कोरोनावायरस पर यूनिसेफ़ ने जारी की आठ सलाहों की सूचि
If you fell, innocent Kangana's house fell in Mumbai, your government did not say that Amit Shah bought MLA,
इलाहाबाद हाईकोर्ट ने गोरखपुर के डॉक्टर कफील खान के ऊपर से NSA हटाने का आदेश दिया है. साथ ही उनको तुरंत रिहा करने का निर्देश भी दिया है.
Mask ATM opened in this city of Uttar Pradesh, will also sanitize hands
The days of frying pakoras have come, cow dung devotees… they too will not sell…
Jahil jihadis doing insolent treatment with doctors instead of cooperating in the Corona investigation. They should not be examined directly on the spot. How long will the government bear these jihadis. View of pakistan
Advani became Kumar Vishwas in his youth
Oxygen of the villagers was checked by distributing masks in rural areas of Singrauli by the state vice president.
Australia has entered into a billion Australian dollar agreement with pharmaceutical companies to manufacture and supply potential two vaccines against Kovid 19.
हिमालया कंपनी के मालिक का बयान‼ हम पहले मुसलमान हैं। हम भारत के प्रति वफादार नहीं हैं। हम भारत के मालिक हैं।
UNICEF has been given the responsibility to ensure that the vaccine is available to all countries.
Heartfelt congratulations and best wishes to Team India on creating history by winning in FIDE World Chess Online. This availability is the result of hard work and dedication of all of you. All the countrymen are proud of you. Congratulations to the Russian players as well.
योगी सरकार को जातिवादी बताते हैं लोग यह बहुत ही शर्मनाक है जिन्होंने हमेशा एक जाति के स्वास्थ्य के लिए सरकारें चलाई है
Photographed sitting in Dial's car and made it viral, giving young man to take a fall, read interesting case
लद्दाख सीमा पर भारत का दबदबा दक्षिणी पैंगॉन्ग के विवादित क्षेत्र में सेना का कब्जा, चीन ने वहां से कैमरे हटाए चीनी विदेश मंत्री बोले दोनों देशों के बीच सीमा तय नहीं
DRDO's leading role in the campaign against Kovid is commendable and timely. Prior to this, the institute has also provided a large-scale personal security equipment and centrifuge. I heartily congratulate all the members of DRDO.
Inaudible tribute to Guru Sri Ramdas ji on the death anniversary of the divine energy of spirituality in life.
केंद्रीय इस्पात और पेट्रोलियम और प्राकृतिक गैस मंत्री ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति के निधन पर शोक व्यक्त किया 
Is this a lawmaker or a goon
In Corona, there is fear in the name of the hospital in the people. Hospitals are carrying out organ smuggling. The person goes on walking and comes out dead after taking out his body. This scheme spread like a note-holder.
सुशांत केस में जिस तरह हर दिन नई सच्चाई सामने आ रही है, उससे शक और भी गहराता जा रहा है भाजपा प्रवक्ता राजीव पांडे देखिए पूछता है भारत अर्नब के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
HC judges may increase retirement age, Law Minister said Chief Justice has sent proposal
उनके साथ वित्त मंत्री और चिकित्सा शिक्षा मंत्री श्री जी भी रहेंगे। इसके साथ ही किंग जॉर्ज मेडिकल यूनिवर्सिटी, लखनऊ में बेड के कोविड चिकित्सालय का भी लोकार्पण किया जाएगा ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
Explainer  JEE मेन और NEET परीक्षा के आयोजन को लेकर जमकर विरोध हो रहा है. छात्रों समेत कई राजनीतिक और बॉलीवुड हस्तियां भी परीक्षा को स्थगित करने की मांग कर रही हैं. जानिए जेईई और नीट परीक्षा को लेकर देश में इतना बवाल क्यों हो रहा है
भारत में पिछले घंटे में सबसे ज़्यादा COVID19 केस, कुल केस लाख के पार 
राजनीति से लेकर मनोरंजन जगत तक हर तरह की तस्वीरें देखने को मिलेंगी आपको एबीपी न्यूज़ के इंस्टाग्राम पर, फॉलो करें
मामला गाजीपुर दिलदारनगर के सलीम कुरेशी का है देर रात्रि घर में घुसकर पुलिसकर्मियों ने सलीम को बुरी तरह मारकर पैर तोड़ दिया है उन्हें ट्रामा सेंटर बनारस में भर्ती किया गया है भारत में पुलिस की आतंक का माहौल
विकास दुवे को महाकाल मंदिर में गार्ड ाव ने पहचाना ,कमांडो ांडोप्रदीपयादव ने थप्पड़ जड़ा एवं उज्जैन थाना प्रभारी ुबीयादव ने गिरफ्तार किया और अंत मे एनकाउंटर स्पेशलिस्ट ादव ने विकाश दुवे को ढेर किया। आप सभी वीर यदुकुल के अमिट चिराग हो।
ेरिका के एक NRI ने, जो कि अमेरिकन कम्पनी का CEO भी है, उसने भारतीय मैप को REDESIGN किया है, अपने कर्मचारियों को समझाने के लिए, कि सिर्फ जनसंख्या के अनुसार हिन्दुस्तान के प्रत्येक प्रदेश STATE WISE की जनसंख्या विश्व के किस देश के लगभग समान है। उस NRI ने भारत के मैप में हर प्रदेश के नाम की जगह जैसे उत्तर प्रदेश की जनसंख्या ब्राजील की जनसंख्या के बराबर उस देश का नाम लिख दिया है बस।
"A Look at Yogi Ji's Rule" The brutal murders have made headlines in the newspaper and Baba ji is sprinkling salt on the wounds of the people, patting his back in the name of stopping crime in the Vidhan Sabha.
भारत में व्यावसायिक शिक्षा के प्रसार में तेजी लाने की आवश्यकता को देखते हुए यह तय किया गया है कि स्कूल तथा हायर एजुकेशन सिस्टम में वर्ष तक कम से कम परसेंट विद्यार्थियों को व्यावसायिक शिक्षा प्रदान की जाएगी।
   एक चमन चमचा बोला  राम मंदिर बन गया अब बीजेपी किस मुद्दे पर चुनाव लडो़गे, मैंने बोला जनसंख्या नियंत्रण बिल ताकि तुम जैसा…
Free ration to cook on free gas. In the free toilets, some Chaman Bhatoor are spending their GDP on ...
Allah’s given is everything. There is also brick, stone, acid, knife, sword and bomb. There is no identity card given by the Government of India.
Why did Alt News co-founder Mohammad Zubair trend on Twitter late at night
Unlocked 4 guidelines in the country apply and exempt more activities in areas outside the Containment Zone
The letter is written by Arnab Goswami, founder of Republic TV. You work for more than hours in a day .. sacrificing your sleep for the betterment of this country .. but you will never get praise for it. You will still be blamed for petty silly issues ..
Question: How can someone be as bad as Rana Job, Salman can be Nizami, am I?
Good news for buyers of Amrapali, by September the first installment can be deposited via
The Leader of the Opposition launched a swift attack even before the virtual dialogue started.
ड्रोन बनाने वाले वर्षीय एन एम प्रताप को बधाई  मोदीजी ने अपने स्पेशल पॉवर से DRDO में वैज्ञानिक पद दिया प्रताप को। फ्रांस की डिफेंस कंपनी ने भी ऑफर दिया था। प्रताप वहा न जाए इसके लिए लाख का पैकेज व एक BHK घर का ऑफर दिया। पहली बार देश मे कोई ऐसा पीएम है जो देश के टैलेंट की कद्र कर रहा है।
गरीब का पेट तो नहीं भरा लेकिन भ्रष्टाचार से अधिकारियों का पेट जरूर भर गया l जनता महामारी में परेशान हैं,और अधिकारी भ्रष्टाचार के नशे में मदहोश हैं l का यही नवा छत्तीसगढ़ है l
Riya Chakraborty continues to be questioned in Sushant Singh Rajput case, what the law says about drugs in India Story: Praveen Sharma, voice for BBC Hindi: Gurpreet Saini
On the birth anniversary of Saint Shiromani Guru Sri Durbal Nath Ji Maharaj, pay homage to him.
Tej Pratap Yadav changed the area for fear of his wife, can now contest elections from Hasanpur
During the Corona epidemic, every section of society is being taken care of. ₹ 1,925 crore pension was disbursed to the lakh beneficiaries by the state government.
राष्ट्र भक्तों को शाहरुख खान को जिओ के एंड से निकालने से ज्यादा लाभ डाटा स्पीड सही करने से होगा। उत्तर प्रदेश गाजीपुर में डाटा की स्पीड बहुत ही धीरे है। कृपया ध्यान देकर इसमें सुधार करें।
Sales of Patanjali decreased, a huge decline in Ayurveda product sales in India via
Supporters on the release of former Saharsa MP Anand Mohan, Golband, will start the movement
Kidnapped by the ADG law and order and STF IG for ransom of four crores, the police recovered the innocent in hours,
The Pakistan government has taken tough measures and has banned denting and live video streaming apps including Tinder.
कोरोना संकट कामू के उपन्यास द प्लेग में इस दौर के लिए क्या हैं सबक
, When there were no numbers in the Rajya Sabha, all the opposition was in opposition, so how did he come to pass with voice? If we have broken this rule too, then there is so much difference in the dictatorship. Is there any scale, brother, do not measure it very small.
Modi remembered from dogs, he forced DSP Devinder Singh, who drove the Hizbul Mujahideen terrorists in his car, so Dzbulmujahideen is also with Modi.
ोटाविरों तौफा कबूल हो लो सुन लो ी मांग कर रहे ाकथितSANTIDOOTमुसलमान जोधपुर में
For information and necessary action.
ाजियाबाद एसएसपी गाजियाबाद ने चलाई तबादला एक्सप्रेस कई थाना प्रभारी समेत सात इंस्पेक्टर का हुआ तबादला साहिबाबाद, कोतवाली, कविनगर, मसूरी, खोड़ा के प्रभारी बदले
Kovid 19 Vaccine Tracker We Can Also Find Russian Vaccine Gamalaya Shared Trials Data From India, We Can Have Phase 3 Trials Here
Those who share the list of Corona-infected patients may now face months of imprisonment. The Central Government has issued this guideline by issuing new guidelines.
Live वोडाफोनआइडिया ने नया ब्रांड Vi किया लॉन्च, जानिए हर अपडेट
If schools have taken any fees other than tuition, then they will have to return.
Bagalore Hindus just keep sleeping and these people are doing their work. When these police forces have this condition, then think about how it will be for you. So stay united and answer the brick with stone. Full Video Link
माननीय केन्द्रीय नागर विमानन मंत्री, श्री जी एवं मुख्यमंत्री श्री जी ने जनपद कुशीनगर में अंतरराष्ट्रीय एयरपोर्ट के संबंध में समीक्षा बैठक की एवं अधिकारियों को आवश्यक दिशानिर्देश दिए।
Measurement and monitoring of water supply will be done under water life mission
According to the statement of the Chinese Army officer, the Indian army has lost four kilometers inside China, and lost its possession in Rechin Mountain Pass and Hunan Coast after years back. Take Pappu and cognizance.
What is happening, Pakistan is shouting slogans of Zindabad in Mumbai? Now all of them are patriotic Manu brothers and they are not worth saying.
The Indian Army captured and thwarted Chinese efforts within their territory and removed their cameras and surveillance systems from there as well.
Arjun Reddy's return to the world of action, Deer Comrade's blazing trailer release
Today, under the conditions in which the country is going through, one party is engaged in toppling the government of another party. The other party is selling its MLAs state by state. The people of the country do not like such dirty politics. The Aam Aadmi Party believes in the politics of advancing the country.
 केमिकल फैक्ट्री में लगी भीषण आग, लाखों का माल जलकर खाक ABPGanga
 लाख का ईनामी आशू जाट गिरफ्तार, यूपी का मोस्ट वांटेड आशू मुंबई से गिरफ्तार, यूपी पुलिस की एक टीम मुंबई गई थी, बदमाश आशू जाट को मेरठ लाया जाएगा।
से लापता छात्र का मामला, डाक से छात्र का आधार कार्ड घर पहुंचा, साल बाद छात्र का आधार घर पहुंचा, कार्ड पर पड़ा नम्बर पुलिस कर रही ट्रेस, परिजनों में बेटे के मिलने की उम्मीद जगी, बरगढ़ थाने के लोढउटा गांव का मामला।
What is this, a strangely dressed picture of Arvind Kejriwal
लद्दाख सीमा पर हुई ताजा झड़प के बाद आज होगी भारत चीन ब्रिगेड कमांडर स्तर की बातचीत
During the IPL, BCCI will conduct around thousand corona tests. Also, the board has prepared a huge budget for these Kovid 19 Tests to be held for all these IPL franchises.
The Uddhav government has banned the emoji of penguins.
ढोंगी नागा साधू की पिटाई का पुराना वीडियो फिर हुआ वायरलबूम फ़ेक और वायरल न्यूज़ की फैक्ट चेकिंग, ऑनलाइन न्यूज़ अपडेट
अमेठी से दिल्ली आए लोगों से मिलने जब राहुल गांधी जी पहुंचे .. तब वे लोग उन्हें देखकर भावुक हो गए और फूट फूट कर रोने लगे … झूठ और छलकपट की विचारधारा के चलते अमेठी से चुनाव हारे हैं, प्यार और अपनापन नहीं।
अयोध्या बाबरी मस्जिद विध्वंस केस में आखिरी सुनवाई पूरी, सितंबर से पहले फैसला
एक सितंबर से बदलने जा रहे हैं ये नियम, आपके फाइनैंस से जुड़े हैं via supreme court
Bihar STET exam to be held in Bihar districts
विडंबना देखिए वीं फेल तेजस्वी यादव भी जेईई नीट के खिलाफ विरोध कर रहा है। 
The two viruses were talking among themselves ... first my name is Corona, and your second is called this unorthodox.
You all understand that a riot cannot happen without the help of the police, this is my experience. Can I believe my experience at the age of the age? I have been in the society. To make that evil
In this way, total mt of wheat, m. Ton of rice and m. Tonne gram has been distributed throughout the state. In this way, percentage of total allocation of wheat, percentage of rice and percentage of gram has been distributed ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
तमाम विवाद के बीच हिमाचल सीएम ने दी कंगना रनौत की सुरक्षा, सितंबर को पहुंचेंगी मुंबई
अक्सर हमको लगता है हमारे घर में तो एक भी जगह ऐसी नहीं है जहां पानी रूका रहे. पर अगर मिनट लगाकर ठीक से देखेंगे तो कहीं न कहीं रूका पानी निकल ही आता है. इसीलिए अभियान में शामिल होना ज़रूरी हैअपने परिवार को डेंगू से बचाकर रखने के लिए
Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways inaugurated and inaugurated national highway projects in Gadchiroli, Maharashtra
China bought Prashant Bhushan of Congress dog, Sibal pieces gang in CR to fight case in Supreme Court against Tiktok ban
Congress and Kalyug are both alike, where there is loot, lies and corruption while they are sticking .....
Congress legislators split in Goa, rebels will meet today
Always follow Kovid compliant practices when using public transport. Change your behavior, attack Corona.
Now the signal is also crossing the road, I don't know what remains to be seen…
किसी भी देश के रक्षा मंत्री आर्मी अफसर अपने जवान से इस तरह की घिनौना काम करवाते हुए जूता के फीता बनवाते हुए तस्वीर दिखा दे मैं गर्दन काट के तुम्हारे चरणों में रख दूंगी इंडिया में अंग्रेज की नाजायज पैदाइश इनकी आदत पड़ गई है हराम की खाने की खुद से कुछ नहीं करने की
रेल मंत्री ने मुंबई में की परीक्षा देने वाले छात्रों और उनके परिजनों को स्पेशल लोकल ट्रेनों में यात्रा की अनुमति देने की घोषणा की
शेयर बाजार के करीब खुला सेंसेक्स, निफ्टी में मामूली बढ़त
Japan has surrounded China by sea.
Reducing anemia is an important objective of nutrition campaign. Under the strategy of anemia-free India, it is estimated to reach million beneficiaries of different age groups.
उर्दू माध्यम से पहली IPS बनी महाराष्ट्र मे मुस्लिम SP  जिसने पहले ही दिन अपना पुलिस ड्रेसकोड छोडकर इस्लामिक ड्रेसकोड अपनाया  शिव सेना सरकार को खुब खुब अभिनंदन  गझवा ए हिंद मे शिव सेना का योगदान भी सराहनीय रहेगा।
, The subject and its relation in the new grammar of Congress. The Karta has accepted Karma, Karan with Sampradaya, for Kama. Ka, k, ki, relations are in the authorization.
If another threat enters the courtyard, crocodiles are seen on the bridge somewhere, people are also suffering from this disaster in the midst of floods in Gujarat.
Whoever is involved in the killing of elderly and innocent sadhus, no matter why they are Hindus, should be hanged ..
This is a video of the encounter in the Galvan valley in which Indian soldiers were martyred.
Our young students will not let the country sell, just once they get the right information, the welfare of the BJP will become good, the student's anger against the personalization of the railways has started to be known to the young student of the country, it will not let the country sell the whole country slowly. Young students awake
China got cheated this time
Work for easy movement of the army; Intense Indo-China border dispute; Leh routes are being used for working with the latest latest machines.
Electoral stir continues in America, a verbal war between Donald Trump and Biden
This is not the irony of the country, so what is the answer of the PM on the picture of a dog, that beautiful photo, while thousands of people ask thousands of questions every day on the basic issue, but the PM does not have any answer.
रिया चक्रवर्ती का इंटरव्यू लेने वाले आजतक के एंकर राजदीप को पब्लिक ने पीटा
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत केसः पूछताछ के लिए रिया चक्रवर्ती और उनके भाई शौविक चक्रवर्ती डीआरडीओ गेस्ट हाउस पहुंचे।
आज इंदौर व सतना में लोगों की थर्मल स्क्रीनिंग जाँच की गई व ऑक्सीजन जाँच अभियान चलाया गया।
 कराची में आतंकी दाऊद के कितने खाते पर ट्वीट करें Watch LIVE 
The ear of the policeman was severed, the robbery was a great way ... The leader of the Mirchi gang became like this
अमेरिका की एक न्यूज वेबसाइट ने दावा किया है कि भारत में कोरोनावायरस जब फैल रहा था तब मोदी सरकार ने उसे रोकने के कोई प्रयास नहीं किए मोदी सरकार ने भारत में कोरोनावायरस फैलने दिया ताकि उनके साल के काले कारनामे उजागर ना हो
And was taken for medical checkup. Also see how actor Surendra Pal reacted to Sushant case
I do not have a name, so you are being picked up from home today, if your protest is stopped, then tomorrow your situation will be like this, how are these policemen, I too, probably have lost their Christianity….
कुतिया को घी हज़म नहि हुआ दोस्तोंदेख लो किसानो क लिए आतंकवादी बोला है एस कोड़ी की ओररत ने
Kangana Ranaut has been given security of Y category by the Center ... Kangana said that this is a proof that no fascist will be able to crush any patriotic voice ...
मोदी तेरे राज में, युवा रहा पुकार... मैं भी बेरोजगार, हां मैं भी बेरोजगार
A village in Arunachal Pradesh is being evacuated due to increasing tension along the Indo-China border.
Till when this patidar will be arrested, then it is worth being beaten by the party by tying it to the party, but we do not take the law before dignity, we do not have bastards like this, we should be arrested soon, otherwise the anger is spreading among the people
Nepal is the country that did not bring crisis to India, so its brave people sent the Indian arm and we are putting the same country in crisis. Friend nehi lutlia house yarka
After the Barabanki liquor accident, the important decision of Modi ji is that alcohol will be banned in India from tonight. Liquor stopped all over India from tonight
देखो देखो देखो दुनिया वालों। अदालत के फैसले की दुहाई कौन दे रही है। जिसका बाप खुद हुक्मरान रहते हुए सुप्रीम कोर्ट के फैसले को अपने लोले पे रखकर संसद में सबसे बड़े कोर्ट के आदेश की गान मार लिया था 
The army is worried about the "security" of "Ladakh" .. and the government about the safety of "Kangana" ...
The Toraja tribes take the bodies of their dead relatives out of the tomb every year and celebrate it with them. Excellent and choice clothes are worn and it is only by sitting with him that he is happy. This is also done with young children who have died.
अनुच्छेद मनोवैज्ञानिक रूप से अलग है हम संविधान के अस्थायी अनुच्छेद को हटायेंगे। यह मनोवैज्ञानिक रूप से जम्मूकश्मीर को देश के बाकी हिस्सों से अलग करती है।  भाजपा चुनावी घोषणा पत्र,
Sanjay Singh is the same goonda who got his wife bitten by dogs .. This is a born goon.
Pranab ji was an important contributor to the Congress wherever it is today ... Congress fell into the trough, Pranabji's career rose up, although he had the malaise of not becoming Prime Minister ... His memory was very good, he was flexible in morality. Were a consummate politician, a sincere tribute from our side.
Regarding the sero survey, the Health Minister said that the third phase of sero survey is starting from today. This time we are conducting a sero survey at the level of the ward.
कश्मीर पर सरकार का बड़ा फैसला अनुच्छेद हटाने के वक्त एक साल पहले कश्मीर में भेजे गए अर्धसैनिक बलों के हजार जवान तुरंत लौटेंगे
Bihar Election NDA में सीट बंटवारे को लेकर खींचतान जारी, BJP के पास चिराग तो नीतीश कुमार के पास मांझी रिपोर्टः
जब भाई कह रहा तो झुक भी जाइए वैसे भी चीचीजान ने धोखा दे दिया है 
गैस एजेंसी संचालक से लूट लूट करने वाले आरोपियों को पुलिस ने किया गिरफ्तार, आरोपियों कोे किया गिरफ्तार, लाख रूपए पुलिस ने किए बरामद, कर्मचारी की मिलीभगत से हुई थी लूट, नगर कोतवाली के आवागढ़ हाउस का मामला।
To prevent the spread of coronovirus in Wuhan, the Chinese government is killing patients infected with this deadly disease.
दोपहर की प्रमुख ख़बरें  भारतचीन वार्ता  अवमानना मामले में प्रशांत भूषण को सजा कोरोना रिकवरी रेट का नया रिकॉर्ड  मध्य भारत में बाढ़ की स्थिति गंभीर ऑनलाइन शतरंज ओलंपियाड में भारत को स्वर्ण 
किसी के विरोध में इतना अंधा हो जाना की,सपनो के शहर Mumbai को Pok से compare करना, ये इसको सही साबित करता है.
On the birthday of former President of India, Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, greetings to him and congratulations to all the countrymen on Teachers' Day. On this Teachers' Day, salute the courage of all those teachers who are serving the public on the field during this difficult time in Corona.
Flooding in UP districts, villages fully submerged ABPGanga
Mohania toll plaza to be built in Kaimur lane, officials inspect the land, report of Dilip Kumar
दिल्ली, लखनऊ समेत इन शहरों में दौड़ने जा रही मेट्रो, नियमों पर आज बड़ी बैठक, जान लीजिए हर बात
कार की पिछली सीट पर इश्क़ फ़रमाने पर पकड़े जाने से रुपये का जुर्माना लगेगा ।
इंडिया टुडे ने पिछले कुछ बरसों की सैटेलाइट इमेज के अध्ययन के आधार पर एक स्टोरी की है. इसके मुताबिक चीन एक ऐसा गड़ा मुर्दा उखाड़ रहा है, जो हमारे और उनके बीच की जंग की वजह बना था. लद्दाख के आसपास चीन कुछ वैकल्पिक सड़क मार्ग तैयार कर रहा है.
मोदी ने मंदिर गिरवाए जिसमें जमीन अम्बानी को दे सके
इस दफा चीन की चालबाजी धरी की धरी रह गई, स्पेशल फोर्स ने सामरिक ऊंचाई पर किया कब्जा 
Rita, Minita, Devyani became the winner of Bhukkad Recipe Challenge.
Chilli is less in eating spoon .. wife said remember Modi, it will be from top to bottom ..
   कंगना रनौत नशेड़ी है ख़ुद माना।गिरफ़्तार तो कंगना को होना चाहिए हुई रिया। क्या नशेड़ी के लिए गोदी मीडिया है क्या नशेड़ी से…
The Supreme Court has given the states four weeks more time to file their reply in the matter of issuing guidelines on providing masks and sanitizers to the elderly amid the Ovid 19 epidemic.
Different things are flying about on social media. People say they are scared after the road reactions. That's why he has asked to release his movie in the theater. People are saying that the makers do not want 'Laxmi Bomb' to be the next 'road'.
तृप्ती देसाई, एक महिला जिसने ईसाई धर्म स्वीकार किया .. जनम टीवी ने किया खुलासा, ईसाई मिशनरी सबरीमाला को नहीं छोड़ रहे हैं ... जनम टीवी ने किया खुलासा जॉन  वाई अड्डे निलाक्कल के पास का क्रॉस, सबरीमाला, सब कुछ है जुड़ा हुआ है, क्या आप खेल को समझते हैं 
COA member Diana Idulji said, Dhoni still has a lot of cricket left
Fraud in the name of getting Geomart's franchise, company cautious via
If you are close, you can become an all-broker in the stock market, you will earn a lot through
IKEA ने फर्निचर और घरेलूं फर्निशिंग उत्पादनों के दामों में कटौती की via
PM addresses the inaugural session of the Conference of Governors on National Education Policy
कल की शानदार तेजी के बाद आज भारतीय शेयर बाजार का कैसा होगा हाल 
Do not go in front of him, Suvar understood that you will shoot. And you do not have any respect and do not expect you to respect women, I think you will not respect your mother either. Birth of Sala Phaltu.
The condition remains critical due to Corona of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Those devotees who see the queen of Jhansi in Kangana may also see their father in Asaram too.
Uttar Pradesh does not accept anarchy. Recovery from rioters and miscreants who damage public or private property will be ensured. Vigilant Uttar Pradesh, Secure Uttar Pradesh.
Shiv Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut spoke on the war of words with actress Kangana Ranaut, only because of the Mumbai Police and the government here, the film industry here is safe ... one person does not mean industry.
In order to give a befitting reply to China, the army jawans will get their cashew in hand, in the name of special ration of the Indian soldier fighting in Ladakh, he will be robbed of his army by turning his shoe into a morale by boosting morale. Is respected
सभी क्षेत्रों में गुणवत्ता युक्त शैक्षिक अनुसंधान को प्रेरित करने के लिए राष्ट्रीय अनुसंधान फ़ाउंडेशन की स्थापना की जाएगी। शोध की संस्कृति को मजबूत बनाने के लिए सभी विश्वविद्यालयों व उच्च शिक्षण संस्थानों को राष्ट्रीय अनुसंधान फ़ाउंडेशन के साथ मिल कर काम करना होगा।
The unworthy leader who can take a wrong view of his daughter can leave his mother and sister
Highflow oxygen therapy device launched for the treatment of serious patients of Kovid 19
You also keep old notes of one, two, five or ten in the pages of old books or in the pocket inside the purse, those notes which are called old are old but are completely new. If you are also such a lover, then share with us your hobby of these old notes.
अगर यह भारत है तो पापियों को इसी तरह ढूंढ़ कर मारने की सजा दी जाये, कोई तो बचा लो भारत को तालिबान सीरिया लिबिया से भी बुरी हालत मैं
Police busted illegal factories, police recovered arms, country-made pistol, pistol, rifle recovered, accused arrested from the spot, police teams carried out operations, checking hours in different police station areas.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar's statement about Sushant Singh Rajput case has come out
Time and luck for a while, what went wrong. Today, those dogs who used to give examples, today also became traitors. Shayari with Lord Ravi
B.J.P. विधायक अनिल उपाध्याय की इस हरकत पर क्या कहेगे मोदी जी, इन video को इतना वायरल करो की ये पूरा हिन्दुस्तान देख सके।
Our Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi has ordered the CBI Inquiry in the case of Sushant Singh Rajput's death.
The United Nations Children's Fund has announced that it will ensure that ronavirus vaccines are rapidly supplied to all countries once they are developed.
Electricity thieves will increase in trouble, Yogi government devises tricks to stop them
Petrol Diesel Price फिर सस्ता हुआ डीजल, जानें अपने शहर के दाम via
कांग्रेस वालों कुछ तो शर्म करो, एक अबला खातून ₹ और बिरयानी में कैसे अपना घर चलाएगी,लोगों का शोषण कर रहे हो, ऊपर से लखनऊ पुलिस वहां डांसिंग कार भी खड़ी नही होने दे रही, ऐसे कैसे चलेगा।
धोनी की तारीफ पूर्व भारतीय तेज गेंदबाज श्रीनाथ ने कहा धोनी क्रिकेट में किसी योगी की तरह, वे खुद को नतीजों से अलग रखना जानते हैं
You are sure of Ram Rahim, send your sister to the cave as well.
ब्रेकिंग न्यूज..भारत के अंदर व्हाट्सएप का मुख्य सर्वर हुआ खराब। आप डाउनलोड नहीं कर सकते कोई भी वीडियो फ़ोटो व्हाट्सएप कंपनी की मानें तो अभी काफी समय लग सकता है स्थिति सही होने में… वहीँ एक अन्य सन्देश, जो अंग्रेजी में है, दावा करता है प्रिय व्हाट्सएप्प उपभोक्ता, कुछ गड़बड़ियों के चलते सेटेलाइट संपर्क में परेशानी है जिसके कारण व्हाट्सएप्प एक हफ्ते के लिए बैन किया गया है  आप तस्वीरों, वीडियो और वौइस् रिकॉर्डिंग नहीं डाउनलोड कर सकेंगे  गूगल 
Skill mapping of lakh workers was done in the state on the instructions of the Chief Minister, who was committed for the economic upliftment of the workers. Realizing the dream of self-sufficient Uttar Pradesh through skill mapping.
Kokilaben will also appear in the second season. This thing has been confirmed by producer Rashmi Sharma himself. With this, Debolina will also be seen in the role of Gopi Bahu. A teaser will also be shot for this soon.
Gang rape with a year old girl in Patna, criminals kept hostage till the day, after seeing the news, the news traitorous media has brought a news of concealment to hide this sin of Bihar, the people of Bihar will not forgive you
Once upon a time, Pakistanis used to chant, give Madhuri, also take PoK. New ambitions, new frustrations.
मीडिया का फैलाया हुआ जहर सामने आ रहा है, लॉकडाउन से नफरत
लोक डाउन Corona महामारी में भी मा.वामन मेश्राम साहेब नहीं रुके लोगो के अधिकार के लिए लगातार आंदोलन शुरू रखा है। भारत की जनता जाग चुकी है अपना अधिकार मांग रही है। लेकिन आरएसएस की मीडिया लगातार राम मंदिर के सिवा कुछ नहीं दिखा रही है ाममंदिरकापोस्टमार्टम
सभी प्रदेशवासियों को गणेश चतुर्थी की ढेर सारी शुभकामनाएं। गणपती बाप्पा मोरया।
If Riya Chakraborty is guilty in Sushant Kesh, who is responsible for the death of hundreds of foot migrant Biharis.
लड़कियां नग्न अवस्था में दिखाई दे रही हैं और साथ ही पोस्ट पर कई तरह की सूचनाएं लिखी गयीं हैं  प्राइवेट गोवा पार्टी के अलावा कई अश्लीलता भरी बातें लिखी गयीं हैं 
The doctor who performed the autopsy of Sting Disha Salian, kept a silent silence, said all the information with the police
मुख्यमंत्री योगी आदित्यनाथ ने निर्देश दिए हैं कि जो महिलाएं या बच्चे कुपोषण के शिकार हैं, उनके घर में गाय उपलब्ध कराई जाए. हालांकि ये ऐच्छिक होगा. गाय के भरणपोषण के लिए हर महीने यूपी सरकार रुपए भी देगी.
Apparently to prevent the economy from slipping further, the government plans to sell Kolhapuri chappals.
दोनों नेता सहरसा के रहने वाले थे, विधानसभा चुनाव के लिए टिकट पाने का भी था इंतजार 
The video is about an Indian school. In which children are acting indecently while dancing. Convent culture In this video, children appear to be acting indecently.
Kidnapping of minor girl from UP Etah police station, many people raped for two days .. Now these people could not see the daughter of this country…
It is mandatory for UPSC to be corona test negative for appearing in the preliminary examination.
Under the Mahila Swarozgar Yojana, the central government is giving lakhs of rupees to all women in their bank accounts.
बेलारूस में लुकाशेंको विरोधी प्रदर्शनों का नया दौर, हालात तनावपूर्ण
Those girls who do not understand the disadvantages of the Congress rule of the year, they will be able to understand the benefits of Modi's year.
retweet  kashyap को जूते कश्यप जैसे कमीने. को कूपर मे भेजो
Identification of Corona hotspots based on religion in the country
नासा ने जारी की ब्रह्मांडीय दुनिया की आश्चर्यजनक, अभूतपूर्व और दुर्लभ तस्वीरें, आप भी देखें
महिंद्रा ने आलोचकों का ध्यान आकर्षित किया क्योंकि उनके ट्वीट में कहा गया था कि इसे बारबार इस्तेमाल कर सकते हैं और धोने योग्य मास्क में वायरस को कम करने की क्षमता थी। ये मास्क लिविंगगार्ड नामक कंपनी द्वारा बनाए जा रहे हैं जिसके बोर्ड के सदस्य अशोक कुरियन ने महिंद्रा को यह प्रदूषणरोधी N95 मास्क भेंट किया है।
Deputy Commissioner Dr. Narhari Singh Bangar informed that the Nehru Yuva Kendra is accelerating the campaign under the Fit India program campaign in collaboration with youth youth of National Youth Volunteers and Youth Clubs in all the sections of the district, under which Yoga and sports competitions were organized. Are going
मशहूर वकील इंदिरा जयसिंह और आनंद ग्रोवर के घर CBI छापेमारी पर भड़का विपक्ष, PM को लिखा खत
IPL's full schedule announced, Mumbai-Chennai clash in first match
What has happened that a true Muslim can never do this, so what should be understood to mean that Shahrukh Khan is not a true Muslim, even for only two crores of rupees ..
If someone in the house has a cold, what precautions should be taken
BJP is engaged in stealing the RSS followers of Twitter
नई शिक्षा नीति के लक्ष्यों को हासिल करने के लिए केंद्र और राज्य सरकारों को मिलकर काम करना होगा
टॉप10 कंपनियों में से का मार्केट कैप घटा, ICICI और रिलायंस को सबसे ज्यादा नुकसान via
The Mughals converted Hindus with the same amount of punishment. The British converted the Hindus with the same penalty. Even today, Hindus are being converted by the same price penalty. India is the only country where the majority community struggles for anti-conversion law. Has been doing.
शाम से बजे तक, हमारी निर्धारित दर रुपये है, कोई मोलभाव नहीं, और इससे भी बड़ी बात ये है कि हम कुछ अतिरिक्त सेवाएं प्रदान करते हैं, मूल्य मांगी गई सेवाओं पर निर्भर करता है अतिरिक्त सेवाओं को गलत न समझें, इनमें मोदी बच्चों द्वारा गाली देना और कविताएं गाना आदि शामिल हैं और मांग के अनुसार अन्य वांछित सेवाएं शामिल हैं।
गृह मंत्रालय ने देश के सभी स्कूलों को खोलने की अनुमति दे दी है
Nokia's sale will start today, buy at this price
Corona's havoc number of infected reached crores, death toll crossed lakh
Bitch sister
Venice film festival begins Indian film made a place after years
Kamini Congress is very worried for this farmer
एनसीबी ने अनुज केसवानी को ड्रग पेडलिंग के आरोप में किया गिरफ्तार
You are not seeing the destruction of friends, friends, Pakistan is becoming the example of the world, India is not able to set the example of Nepal too, where have you reached the country, you think you are stupid
The quality of the tissue of which the bones are made, declines with aging. Low quality means bones are weak. Fear of fracture in a slight injury. There are some reasons behind their weakness.
Please, for information and necessary action.
डाटा पैक की लड़ाई एयरटेल ने लॉन्च किए नए डाटा प्लान, इनमें डिज्नीप्लस हॉटस्टार का सब्सक्रिप्शन भी मिलेगा जियो के इन प्लान से होगा मुकाबला
Will the Maharashtra government quarantine Amir Khan after coming to Mumbai from Turkey, as did the IPS officer of Bihar? Has the rule made law for the investigating officer of Sushant only
See big news
मध्य प्रदेश में ोरोनावायरस रोगियों को कल उपचार के बाद अस्पतालों से छुट्टी मिली। राज्य में लोग इस महामारी को हराकर स्वस्थ हो चुके हैं। अब सक्रिय मामले हैं।
This is what they want in Delhi, they are on fire, so they have closed the streets of Shaheen Bagh, that's why they are creating a riot-like atmosphere. No stone has been run from our side. We are going peacefully till we leave, but after that we will not even listen to your DCP if the paths are not cleared… until Trump returns you vacate the Chand Bagh and Zafarabad. Have to come back ... Bharat Mata ki Jai ...
Film actor Naseeruddin Shah is ill, Naseeruddin Shah's health deteriorates, Nasiruddin Shah is hospitalized, Naseeruddin Shah has been ill for several days.
Change of weather in NCR, relief from people due to rain. The video is from the Sector 20 area of ​​Noida.
A lot of conspiracy game, now Riya will be jailed. Watch Mahabharata Sucharita Kukreti on Republic India on YouTube live TV
तेलंगाना में हैदराबाद मेट्रो रेल की वाणिज्यिक सेवाएं आज सुबह से शुरू हो गई हैं। मेट्रो अधिकारियों ने बताया कि तीन मेट्रो ट्रेन के तीन गलियारों में से एक मियापुर से एल बी नगर गलियारे में हर पांच मिनट पर ट्रेन चलाई जा रही है।
वेद पूराण कौन से कालेज में पढ़ाया जाता है  क़ुरान पढ़ने के लिए यूनिवर्सिटी है भारत में विचार कीजिये...
Union Education Minister for the earliest appointment of selected teachers in Madhya Pradesh. G and wrote to the State Human Rights Commission and requested for a solution to the problem. . . . .
को छोड़ नितीश कुमार के Janta Dal United JDU में शामिल होता देख Manchester United MU में हड़कंप जल्द ही बिहार चुनाव भी लड़ेंगे 
This is completely nonsense, run by inspired sources. You can say to anyone who wants to hear that I have said so. I warned Rahul Gandhi and P Chidambaram about the fraud of Nirav Modi. But they forced me to keep quiet and keep approving the loans till May. Why am I being blamed for the PNB scam now?
Just as many options were made in India after the ban of Tiktok, I hope PUBG will also bring a good alternative to India.
Now UP leaders warn Congress chief, 'party will become a thing of history'
मुकेश माथुर का कॉलम फांसी के डीआईवाई से लेकर इस ‘सख्त’ इंटरव्यू तक…सरोकारों वाली यह पत्रकारिता इतिहास याद रखेगा
The Union Minister, today discussed with Chief Minister, on the implementation of Jal Jeevan Mission through video conferencing, Arunachal Pradesh plans to achieve up to percent coverage
स्वस्थ आदमी को कोरोना पेशेंट बता कर अब तक लोगो का किडनी निकाल कर हत्या करने वाला डॉ देवेन्द्र शर्मा गिरफ्तार ऐसे ना जाने कितने डॉ हमारे आपके बीच मे है जिससे हमलोगो को सतर्क रहना होगा और अपने लोगो का ख्याल रखना होगा  किसी भी स्वस्थ इन्शान की कोरोना से मौत होती है तो डॉ द्वरा लपेटे हुवे बॉडी को दूर से ही सही पर चैक जरूर करे 
When a cell was set up in a Saudi mall, the employees of the store found it difficult to control the crowd, as soon as the center opened, the crowd entered as if free food was being distributed inside and especially women to loot the store. Sent, so that on pressing the item you will have to pay only ten, the rest is enough space to hide the same, the effect of drying of oil or diminishing demand is clearly visible.
सितंबर को अमेरिका में पहली ATM मशीन शुरू हुई थी.
I was looking foolish after marrying Jodha to Akbar and cutting six Mughals
देशदुनिया की तमाम अहम ख़बरें संस्कृत में  फेसबुक इंडिया के रवैये पर गंभीर सवाल  जेईई मेन परीक्षा शुरू  कोविड19 रिकवरी रेट  के क़रीब  यूएस ओपन सुमित नागल दूसरे दौर में Watch
Realme C11 को खरीदने का मौका आज...
It is a different experience to see Bobby Deol in the role of a vicious religious teacher.
नरेंद्र मोदी चोर है बीजेपी भगाओ, देश बचाओ
To ensure the effectiveness of the order, the general public is advised to stay at home at all times except to meet basic needs. Also, please practice social distance to protect yourself from getting infected with Kovid.
चीन से तनाव पर बोले विदेश मंत्री एस जयशंकर, एलएसी हालात बेहद गंभीर क्योंकि बिहार में चुनाव एलएसी पर तनाव
The virus has been found in broiler chickens. It is appealed to all people not to use Broiler Goshat ... Muslim Community Mumbai, Khar Dua's appeal.
CBI quizzes Riya Chakraborty for fourth consecutive day, actress reaches police station before returning home
देश भर में अब तक कुल मामलों के बीच स्वस्थ हो चुके हैं और सैंपल टेस्ट किए जा चुके हैं जानिए देश भर में की राज्यवार स्थिति
Fact Check BCCI suspends IPL claim is wrong via
IPL may clash with Mumbai Indians in the first match of September
की राजधानी में आज होने वाली की बैठक को पुलिस ने नहीं होने दिया। पुलिस ने पीडीपी के कई नेताओं को घर से बाहर ही निकलने नहीं दिया। राज्य के केंद्रशासित प्रदेश बनने और हटने के बाद पीडीपी की यह पहली बैठक थी।
If you are intelligent, you can also become Prime Minister if you are born in a tea house. And if you have gone mad, then Pappu can be made even if the Prime Minister's house is born.
Original nature untouched Kukkur leg lift
यह लड़की साल की है और इसके दो बच्चे हैं  इसका शौहर साल का है  जिंदगी भर में और बच्चे पैदा करेगी
In this episode, listen to what is the update on Pangong Tso in Dakh, who is now interrogating whom after Siachakravarti in the Sushant case and why Sureshrena asked for help from Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh and Alice
When the monks were linked in Palghar, then where did you bastard die, who went into the bill and entered the rando
दूध को इसके फायदों की वजह से कंप्लीट फूड कहा जाता है
 LAC विवाद पर NSA अजित डोभाल की बड़ी बैठक
In the evening, the party's membership in the state office assumed the membership of the party.
What precautions do people have to take where there is no corona infection?
Big brother is a big lawyer, sue your party. In the Supreme Court, the bias against Facebook is working to spread hate. Facebook
For the past months, Indo-China have been discussing solutions to the border situation through military and military channels. On the night of 30 August, the Chinese side violated the agreement and made a provocative attempt to change the status quo in the southern part of Pangong So: Foreign Ministry
The group administrator is requested to shut down the group for days as the police can take action against the section and, against the admin and group members, if someone also accidentally posts someone on Corona or the government's action. Everyone can get in trouble. Hence the attention of the group administrator to take necessary steps. Mandate for all, dear ones, The Disaster Management Act has come into force across the country from midnight tonight. As of this update, no citizen other than the government department is allowed to post any updates or share anything related to the corona virus and is a punishable offense. Group administrators are requested to post the above updates and inform the groups. Please follow it strictly.
Negligence with Corona, will not be heavy yet, Corona's threat is still a big battle with Corona at noon.
चीन को चुनौती...भारत, जापान, ऑस्ट्रेलिया को मिलाकर नाटो जैसा संगठन बनाना चाहता है अमेरिका
In Chandigarh today, people including education department officials were found to be Rona positive. With this, the number of infected people has increased in this union territory.
एक तस्वीर में एक शख़्स को दिखाया गया, जिसने सादे कपड़े और दंगा विरोधी वर्दी पहनी थी, दूसरी तस्वीर में सादे कपड़े पहने पुलिसकर्मी को महिलाप्रदर्शनकारियों की पिटाई करते हुए दिखाया गया और तीसरे तस्वीर में प्रदर्शनकारी को लात मारते हुए दिखाया गया।
 राज्य के भीतर और एक राज्य से दूसरे राज्य में आवाजाही पर कोई पाबंदी नहीं 
दो शख्स मिलकर एक व्यक्ति के हाथपैर काटते हैं। यह राजस्थान का व्यक्ति है, जिसे मुस्लिम समूह द्वारा मार दिया गया
भरपेट कमा लेने के बाद....... जैसे N मास्क बेकार घोषित हो गया यकीन करें कमाई के बाद...... सेनेटाइजर और दवाएं भी बेअसर घोषित हो जाएंगी फिर वैक्सीन से कमाने का दौर शुरू होगा.... आप बाजार बनाये रखें
Facebook angered by Australian government, warns users, said news shares could be banned
America's most powerful country in the world is Delhi. The model is adopting. The so-called uncle of Madhya Pradesh. When will you wake up from sleep? The outbreak of epidemic is increasing in the state. . . .
Army responds to the audacity of China
CM की मिलीभगत से बीजेपी के राजस्थानी संगठन मंत्री सुनील बंसल ने पूर्वांचल एक्सप्रेसवे,बुंदेलखंड एक्सप्रेसवे और गोरखपुर आजमगढ़ लिंक एक्सप्रेसवे,में मोटा सात प्रतिशत का कमीशन खाया है समाजवादी पार्टी मांग करती हैकि इस घोटाले की SC के निर्देश पर सीबीआई से जाँच हो।
The mask helps prevent airborne droplets from spreading into the air and to others. Encourage people around you to always wear Facecovermask. Change your behavior, attack Corona.
Those who could not protect their own house, what will you do in Jungle Raj in superstition
China will accept brigade commander level talks on the border again today
Put in jail
OMG ,,,, means GDP will accelerate and beyond
Look at the movement of the communists, the event of Shaheen Bagh showed that the rates of the burqa are so low. The communists are so low type, they themselves stayed behind the scenes and exposed the women of the mullahs and got their rates fixed in the market. Abdulla
हमारे देवी देवताओं के लिए गंदी गाली सुनने के बाद अब तो साफ लगता है... मज़हब ही सिखाता है हिंदुओं से बैर रखना 
Out of the total crore checks, India has done more than one crore checks in the last two weeks, more than one million tests done in the last hours. States / UTs have better TPM than the national average.
सुरेश रैना के बाद हरभजन सिंह ने भी आईपीएल से किनारा करने का मन बनाया 
संजय राऊत का आयुर्वेदिक अंडे पर ज्ञान।शिवसेना के ऐसे नेताओं की सोच ने ही आज पार्टी को निम्न स्तर पर पहुंचा दिया।
ALE India has more than a million corona cases, more than a thousand deaths
Today will be launched in India, see live events like this
MS Dhoni took the bravest decision in IPL history
Two militants of Babbar Khalsa International BKI arrested after encounter in North West Delhi region, recovered huge amount of arms and ammunition
Slay two vultures by entering the house and bite the tongue of dogs who try to raise their voice against Hindustan.
Flood-like situation in Madhya Pradesh's Barwani, see the preparation of NEET exam complete this morning's news
जनाब ये टेरीटोरियल आर्मी का एक जवान था और उसे आर्मी से किसी कारणवर्ष निकाल दिया गया था I वो हथियार लेकर आर्मी के बेस से भाग गया , घर में आया और औरतो को जान से मार दिया और लोगो को घायल कर एक बिल्डिंग की छत पर खड़े होकर कहने लगा की मेरी बेवफा बीवी और उसके यार को मेरे सामने लाओ नहीं तो जो सामने आयेगा उसे मारदुंगा एक भारतीय सेना अधिकारी एक कथित आतंकवादी से एके राइफल छीन रहा है ।
Sometimes what is going on with the country like this
The drunk soldier beat the rickshaw driver, the drunk soldier stationed at the Swaroop Nagar police station, also beaten the people who came to save.
Look and pay attention and what is happening in our country, the work of adulteration of our religious texts is going on in full swing, after coming years, our next generations will read these adulterated Vedas, Puranas, Upanishads. ,,, which must have written character formation is a useless matter Brahmacharya is a completely useless topic. There is no such thing as religion and unrighteousness. Policies like Charvak are extremely beneficial, there is no such thing as sanskar. You will get all the extra things, etc., all these will be found in good and good Sanskrit in the same way as Macaulay and Max Muller contaminated our Manusmriti etc. by mixing it.
Former Governor of Reserve Bank of India Urjit Patel told Prime Minister Narendra Modi the worst
सरकार कल जारी करेगी मेट्रो की गाइडलाइंस, जानें क्याक्या होंगे बदलाव
A bus coming from Samastipur in Bihar and going to Delhi fell victim to an accident
The Ministry of Health of India has issued an emergency notification to the public for the prevention of coronavirus.
शाहबाद मारकंडा में नकली EVM मशीने पकड़ी गई  दावा है B.J.P वालों की हरकत
Message of Mrs. Sonia Gandhi on the occasion of Bhumi Pujan program of New Vidhan Sabha Bhavan, Chhattisgarh.
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी के निधन पर सात दिन के राजकीय शोक की घोषणा
In Bengaluru, the woman was declared corona positive. After this he spent the day in home isolation. When she went to take her report, it turned out that she had never had a corona. He was declared positive because of data entry.
UDAN4 These are the new routes where the air service is approved, where is your home to download and read in the app via here
An initiative of the Kejriwal government is saving the lives of Corona patients.
यार ये रांपाल के भक्त फिर ट्वीटर पर गंद मचा रहे है, लगता है इनकी फिर किसी दिन तसल्ली से लेनी पड़ेगी 
In the above picture there is Judge Muralidharan, and in the below picture there is lawyer Muralidharan filling the election form of Sonia Gandhi.
तुम शहर की बाबू सोना प्रिये । मैं गाँव का ज़मीनी किसान ।। मैं साधारण सा बालक। तुम कन्या बड़ी कमीनी प्रिये।।
Can diabetes patients give plasma
JDU's virtual rally will now be held in September instead of September. National General Secretary of the party, Ravindra Prasad Singh, has released a report of this information
लॉकडाउन के दौरान वर्क फ्रॉम होम से हर तीसरे नौकरीपेशा को औसतन से रुपये की बचत हुई. हालांकि, वेतन कटौती ने बचत का गणित बिगाड़ दिया
And lo ... the leader of the Corona vaccine team in the US is an Indian Muslim, Dr. Faraz Zaidi. Now the question is, will the blind devotees take medicine
ग्रेटर नोएडा अवैध वीजा के आरोप में पकड़े गए विदेशी नागरिकों में से बाथरूम की खिड़की तोड़कर भागे
When someone traitors from a traitor country for miles away, his mother says, otherwise the yogi will come.
एमएस धोनी को चकमा देकर पीयूष चावला ने किया क्लीन बोल्ड, देखें ये वीडियो 
Revenue collection for August, GST revenue collection details for the month of August
France's Charley Abdo will reprint Mohammed Saheb's cartoon, said we will never bow down via
MG Motor is preparing to launch another which is enough to create panic.
Read, dear readers, will be banned from advocacy for three years.
Coronavirus case in Delhi not to be afraid of Corona, need to be careful: Dr. Shekhar Mande
कोशिश ये की जा रही है कि Higher Education के हर पहलू, चाहे वो Academic हो, Technical हो, Vocational हो, हर प्रकार की शिक्षा को Silos से बाहर निकाला जाए। Administrative Layers को कम से कम रखा जाए, उनमें अधिक समन्वय हो, ये प्रयास भी इस पॉलिसी के माध्यम से किया गया है PM
Heartfelt prospect of becoming Prime Minister - Shri Akhilesh Yadav - Shubh Akhilesh, Happy Country, Happy State Nivedak ​​- Sunil Singh 'Saajan', MLC Lucknow - Unnao.
How long have you started cultivating the Pancharias who started the bailout;
Father was sexually abusing minor daughter for several months, then such case was disclosed
मन की बात में प्रधानमंत्री, ने छात्रों और शिक्षकों को स्वतंत्रता संग्राम के गुमनाम नायकों की कहानियों को सामने लाने के लिए प्रेरित किया विवरण 
Officials said Riya's alleged chats about banned narcotics like Marijuana, LSD and MDMA have surfaced. In such a case, an investigation has been started in connection with the use and use of banned drugs. So what is this NDPS Act
The media has so much poison in the air… Now the newspapers are also being burnt openly in Fijas .. Through viral posts, it has been tried to show that the public is now boycotting the media openly.
Legendary filmmaker Christopher Nolan's film Tenet has been released in theaters.
All the Governors and Education Ministers have a very important responsibility towards implementing the recommendations of the National Education Policy. I am sure that all of you will play an effective role in making India a 'knowledgehub' while contributing to the implementation of the National Education Policy.
The couch running under the car also thinks that the car is running by itself. Bollywood has shown only panty underpants to people. And it is called Ayyashi and Angapradarshan, not contribution.
Ankita wrote that I wish you had not taken this flight, my friend, or if you had stayed connected with all those who kept you connected with your roots.
Heartiest greetings to Ganesh Chaturthi to all countrymen
WATCH a look at the political journey of former President
इसका मतलब कोरोना खतम हुआ  ब्रेकिंग न्यूज़  WHO ने दुनिया का बेडा गर्क करने और आर्थिक स्थिति खराब करने के बाद पूरी तरह से U टर्न ले लिया है..... और कहा है की कोरोना के asymptomatic मरीज़ को न तो आइसोलेट होने की ज़रूरत है ना हीं क्वारंटाइन होने की, ना सोशल डिस्टन्सिंग की.... और ये एक मरीज़ से दूसरे में ट्रांसमिट भी नहीं हो सकता.... देखिये क्लिप
असम में एक व्यक्ति ने गाय खरीदी  कई रातें वह कुत्तों के भौकने की आवाज़ सुनता रहा  एक दिन उसने सीसीटीवी कैमरा लगवाया  वह यह देखकर हैरान था की रोज़ रात में एक तेंदुआ गाय के पास आकर बैठता है  उसने गाय के पुराने मालिक से पूछा और पाया की इस तेंदुए की माँ इसके दिन के होते ही मर गयी थी  इस गाय ने उसे अपना दूध पिलाकर जान बचाई  जब तेंदुआ बड़ा हुआ, उसे जंगल में छोड़ दिया गया  पर वयस्क तेंदुआ अब भी गाँव में इस गाय के पास रोज़ रात में आता है जिसे वह अपनी माँ मानता है 
First the rapper will remember Mr. Badshah ji and say 'hi summer'. This is what the Earth also says when the temperature rises. When the temperature rises, our water bodies, such as the sea, river, lake, pond, all the water evaporates.
आपको ढेर महीने से कोई गंदी गंदी गाली दे अश्लील वीडियो भेजें जान से मारने की धमकी दे आप प्रधानमंत्री पुलिस कमिश्नर सब से गुहार लगाए इसके बाद कार्रवाई ना हो तो आप कैसे शब्द का चयन कीजिए गा बताइए आप
स्वरूपानंद सरस्वती द्वारा जगन रेड्डी को हिंदू धर्म में वापस लाया गया है । स्वामी ने मई को अपने शपथ ग्रहण समारोह की तारीख तय की और ब्रेकिंग न्यूज जगन मोहन रेड्डी ईसाई धर्म से हिंदू धर्म में परिवर्तित हो गए ।
What the BJP knows is that imports from China increased under the guise of Boycott. In July, imports increased from billion dollars in July.
दुनिया का सबसे सस्ता G स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च, कीमत रुपये से भी कम
केस से जुड़े ने बनाई थी PM की बायोपिक, महाराष्ट्र के गृह मंत्री बोले संदीप के ड्रग और भाजपा कनेक्शन की CBI करे जांच
Prime Minister wishes people on the auspicious occasion of 'Onam'
Today all the vultures will celebrate their maleness.
Chinese media threatens Global Times wrote that India has no competition with China, even with the help of America, it cannot win the war.
BCCI announces CRED will be the official partner of IPL
साले चरसी चुप कर औऱ G बचा कहीँ तीर उधर ना घुस जाये। वैसे एक संदेह अब हो रहा है शाहीनबाग में शेरनी का भटूरा फुलाने मैं कहीँ तेरी ही टांग का कारनामा तो नहीं
In Bangladesh, a judge sentenced the rapists to death, and also said that it is not India that will be saved, I wish it was the same in India.
दिल्ली हिंसा मामले में अब आरोपियों के खिलाफ सख्त कानून UAPA के तहत चार्जशीट दाखिल की जाएगी. गृह मंत्रालय ने दिल्ली पुलिस को आरोपियों पर UAPA के तहत मुकदमा चलाने के लिए मंजूरी दे दी है.
This video is from a hospital in India.
अयोध्या तैयार..पुरे अयोध्या को भगवा रंग से रंग दिया  ुलकितदिव्यअयोध्याधाम
राष्ट्रीय कृषि विकास योजना के अंतर्गत अनुसूचित जाति आबादी वाले गांव में जल संचयन संरचनाओं का निर्माण तथा हल्दी प्रसंस्करण इकाई के माध्यम से अनुसूचित जाति के किसानों को आत्मनिर्भर बनाने के लिए प्रशिक्षण देने के साथ ही फसल बीमा योजना का लाभ भी दिया जा रहा है।
 बर्रा अपहरण,हत्या कांड में बड़ा खुलासा, कानपुर देहात के चीता का नाम सामने आया, मानव अंग तस्करी से जुड़ा बताया गया चीता, आरोपियों ने ही चीता का नाम लिया था, संजीत के परिजनों के सामने नाम लिया था, संजीत को बेचना चाहते थे अपहरणकर्ता।
Trump had called the martyred soldiers a fool, now angry on Fox News reporter, know what is the matter
Kamini Mulli was not afraid of anyone other than Allah, nor threatened whom he would like, he should go for an FIR. It was bouncing a lot, then why hide the relative's house due to fear of the police. Come on, it has been known today that nowhere can be hidden up no one can escape from the police. Thank you
These Savarkars want to bring Godse alive, but we also do not let Gandhi, Nehru Abdul Hameed, Subhash Chandra Bose and Bhagat Singh die…
हैदराबाद में गणेश जी की मूर्ति लगाने पर मुसलमानो ने हिन्दुओ के साथ मारपीट किया  मजहब ही सिखाता है हिन्दुओ से बैर रखना 
My brother used to get them built to build a temple but if you are talking about development, you should not get angry to see the name of development, my brother
These two companies will give jobs to people, preparation has started via
Sambit Patra was removed as BJP spokesperson. Patra has not been removed from the post of national spokesperson of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Seeing the Twitter account of Sambit Patra, the news of his suspension proves false.
Vasco de Gama discovered India… Which Bhadve wrote this… India was already present… He came to India for the first time….
Begging, how much money do you have, do not talk about merry begging lakhs are lying with Modiji and five bags of potatoes are kept there to make gold of Rahul ji. Till Modiji does not give lakhs of rupees, he will not allow him to step down from the post of Prime Minister.
The Yogi government is making big claims, but the fact is that UP is the first state in the country where two ministers have died from Corona, whose accountability the government is busy writing the case instead of stopping Corona.
Police was searching for woman's body, she came out alive
B.j.p. What will Mr. Modi say on this statement of MLA Anil Upadhyay, make these videos so viral that it can see the whole of India.
Let me tell you all my daughter, Ms. GDP is no longer under my control, do not talk to my daughter, who is in the public interest of development, and the neighbor boy PUBG has been killed, we have beaten in the national interest
If you grow, then you will see the development. The Congress has sold what you are selling and you are destroying people to avoid it.
Bike rider was running away after snatching the phone, battered by the courage of the old girl, see VIDEO
The Pilleswaramdev Temple is of Mochal Sirohi. Everyday, these family members think of the temple servant as their own and sleep with them. If you have a sense of belonging to innocent and innocent animals, then the animal does not harm you in any way, no matter how dangerous.
Daughters will not forgive you, Sanjay ji
Look carefully, it is not reading Namaz for the purpose of rioting, there is also a place on the side of the road, but in the middle of the moving traffic, this Muslim is offering Namaz or is asking others that no one can spoil me. She will run and Modi ji is trying to win her trust.
Raghuram Rajan warns government, percentage decline in GDP worrisome
Moin Ali scored the most runs for England
Yogi Babaji fulfill the demand of this bastard soon. It is an enlarged betel that is chewing in the mouth. It is good to throw this rotten paan in a dirty drain.
Tejashwi Yadav attacked Nitish Kumar over unemployment, said reports of youths wanting to cheat
Regular passenger train services are suspended due to Corona, Ministry of Railways is considering this
China did what India did to the north of Pangong Lake, just to the south via the same game via
ुम्बई फिल्म अभिनेता नसीरुद्दीन शाह बीमार. नसीरुद्दीन शाह की तबीयत बिगड़ी. नसीरुद्दीन शाह अस्पताल में भर्ती. कई दिनों से बीमार हैं नसीरुद्दीन शाह.
क्या मंदिर में ऐसी हरकत करने वाले बाबाओं पर तब्लीगी जमात की तरह होगा केस। मंदिर में चिलम पीने से लोग हुए कोरोना के शिक।र । गोदी मीडिया खामोश हैं क्योंकि चापलूसी और चाटूकारिता में माहिर हैं
पक्षों में मारपीट, बच्चों के विवाद में हुई, दोनों पक्षों में एकएक लोग घायल, दोनों पक्षों ने कोतवाली में दी तहरीर, सफीपुर के मवई ब्राम्हनान गांव का मामला।
Afraid of dumplings, what should the dumplings of blind devotees eat.
सरकारी चिकित्सा व्यवस्था में कोविड जांच और इलाज की व्यवस्था पूर्णतः निःशुल्क है। इस पर महंगी दवाइयों, इंजेक्शनों आदि का खर्च, प्रदेश सरकार वहन कर रही है ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
आगरा नई नीति के तहत दुकान खोलने की मंजूरी, मॉल में खुली शराब की पहली दुकान
हाँ भाई तो अब अपने अपने कागज तैयार कर लो, क्योंकि अमित भाई शाह की कोरोना रिपोर्ट नेगेटिव आई है... क्योंकि कागज तो दिखाने पड़ेंगे...
How much is explained about love jihad, how many posts are put, how much is requested, still do not understand, now see the results. Abdul's love daughters are found in suitcases Abdul comes on social media shayari Sonu gets caught in the name of Monu
Attempting to burn the youth by putting kerosene, domineering attempted murder in a rage, a young man was caught in the fire, the villagers saw the young man saved from fire, the police admitted the young man to the hospital, Khapremau village in Rasulabad area A matter of
Watch Live Tribute to Pranab da
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister E Palaniswamy donated the eye today. He had decided to donate his eyes during the National Eye Donation Fortnight.
Tweet your opinion on Sushant to Mara with a drop of poison
Today marks the first anniversary of the practically unraveling of Article 370 in Jammu and Kashmir and effectively assimilating it to the rest of India, and years later, Bhoomipujan was performed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the grand construction of the Ram Janmabhoomi temple in Ayodhya.
If the Indian soldiers were killed, all the media was running the news, from today, Chinese soldiers are beating, so why is there silence?
This is the reality of Dattatreya Janeudhari Brahmin. Now the eyes will not open, the Hindus will never wake up. Jai Shri Ram is not open now, never wake up Hindus wake up Jai Shri Ram
The program will also release the sixth installment of assistance under the 'PMKisan Yojana'. Crores of rupees will be transferred to the accounts of crores of farmers. The scheme is proving to be of great help to farmers during the Kovid 19 epidemic.
In this election, the Congress Recognitionist fielded Deputy Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on the Malda Lok Sabha seat of Bengal. Here he was confronted with Dinesh Chandra Vigorous of Marxist Communist Party. In this match, Pranab Mukherjee had to taste the defeat.
Rajya Sabha Secretariat revealed in response sought under RTI filed by India Today
अमेरिका ने यात्रा के लिए पाकिस्तान की रेटिंग में सुधार करते हुए इसे लेवल3 कर दिया है जबकि भारत अभी भी रेटिंग के साथ यात्रा नहीं करने के परामर्श वाले देशों में शामिल है. इस लिस्ट में भारत के अलावा सीरिया, यमन, ईरान और इराक जैसे हिंसा प्रभावित देशों को शामिल किया गया है.
मारुतिह्यूंडई की वाहन बिक्री में 20 फीसदी उछाल, लंबे समय बाद आई तेजी
Turkish President Rechep Tayyip Ardoआनan warned France and Greece. Story: Team BBC Voice: Vishal Shukla
Waterlogging has been removed from the Minto Bridge. Since this morning, I was in contact with agencies and was monitoring the process of removing water from there. We are keeping an eye on more such places in Delhi. Wherever water is collected, it is being pumped immediately.
Will the tenth avatar Vi deliver Vodafone Idea via
भारत के तमाम जयचन्द इस वीडियो को दिमाग़ में घुसेड़ ले, मुझे नही पता ये किस फ़िल्म का सीन है, पर बहुत हिम्मत चाहिए ऐसा कहने के लिए  और बता दू ये फ़िल्म सेंसर बोर्ड से पास है
Years later apologies for putting a teenager in a cage
Rape of a teenager sleeping outside the house, accused taken away by sleeping, family members have given a complaint to the police, the victim belongs to Antu police station area.
केरल में ईसाई मिशनरीयो और जिहादियों का आतंक अब इतना बढ़ चुका है कि हिन्दुओ को पूजा अर्चना और अपने धार्मिक रीती रिवाज़ो को पूरा करने का अधिकार भी छिना जा रहा है.. इस दलित आदिवासी महिला को बुरी तरह पीटा ओर कपड़े फाड़ दिए क्यों की ये पूजा कर रही थी..
पुरा वालीवुड माफिया मे जिस तरह की मानसिक और वैचारिक विष भरा हुआ है उस जहरीले फन को कुचलने की जरूरत है वालीवुड ड्रग बेचने और खरीदने के धंधे पर चलता है और हमारे देश की संस्कृति ,आस्था, विश्वास और गौरवपूर्ण भारत की सेना का मज़ाक बनाने वाले को कचल देना चाहिए
But if there is any confusion in your mind about the topic, then here is the answer
Wishing Balaram Jayanti to all the countrymen, especially the Kisan Bhaiyabhans, for the Halachhath and Dau birth anniversary On this special day, I will start a financing facility of Rs 1 lakh crore under the Agriculture Infrastructure Fund through video conferencing.
In addition to the uniforms of policemen, batches, helmets, belts can also be disinfected by the DRDO's personnel clean machine. Till now Delhi's policemen have been hit by the virus.
ईमानदार और सच्चे राजनेता प्रणव दा ने अपनी बुद्धि, मेहनत और दृढ़ संकल्प के साथ देश को नई ऊँचाइयों तक ले जाने में अपना अमूल्य योगदान दिया है। यह देश उन्हें मातृभूमि के प्रति उनकी सच्ची निष्ठा एवं अटूट प्रेम के लिए सदा याद करता रहेगा।
सुन्नी वक्फ बोर्ड का फैसला नहीं बनेगा बाबरी मस्जिद, अस्पताल और कम्युनिटी किचन बनाने का निर्णय
Hearing the news of heavy Chinese construction going on in the areas of Black Top and Gurung Hill. Is anyone else picking up the same signs? Does the PLA believe that it has no choice but to attack. If yes, it is not going to be beautiful. Indian units are ready for any such event.
Watch with LIVE
It seems that we had voted in a reality show not in the Delhi elections where a model won and became the Chief Minister of Delhi and now he will continue to advertise on TV all day.
The country's oldest DTH company Dish TV Dish TV has recently pulled out a new offer. However, the benefit of this offer will be available only to those who will take a new connection of DTH.
   कगना का आफिस, भाजपा सीट शिवसेना गठबंधन शासित BMC ने गिराया है... तो अकेले शिवसेना का विरोध क्यों भाजपा क्यों न…
India took the first steps to stop the coronavirus problem. There was not a single case of Kovid 19, only when screening started in India.
NDRF team safely evacuates people stranded in flood in village Khamkheda due to the rise of Betwa river in Raisen
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणव मुखर्जी के बेटे अभिजीत ने कहा, हमें उन्हें बहुत याद करेंगे। मुझे लगता है उनके निधन के पीछे मुख्य वजह कोरोना नहीं बल्कि ब्रेन ऑपरेशन थी। हम उनको पश्चिम बंगाल ले जाना चाहते थे लेकिन मौजूदा बाधाओं के चलते नहीं ले जा सके।
भारतीय सेना ने वही जगह वापस ली है जो चाचा नेहरू ने चीन को दे दी थी, इस जगह का इतना महत्व है कि यहां से लगभग आधी चीन के सेना के मूवमेंट का पता लग सकता है,कांग्रेसी कोमा मे चले गए है उनकी जबान से भारतीय सेना की प्रशंसा नहीं हो सकती क्योंकि यही असली वाले ्दार है
Sharley Abdo has once again created a ruckus by printing controversial cartoons of Prophet Mohammed.
Make bangles cheaper in two markets, now eunuchs have come in the Government of Maharashtra. Autopsy
राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति पर राज्यपालों के सम्मेलन को संबोधित करते हुए राष्ट्रपति रामनाथ कोविंद ने कहा कि नई शिक्षा नीति वर्ष तक प्राथमिक विद्यालय स्तर पर सभी बच्चों को बेसिक साक्षरता प्रदान करने को सर्वोच्च प्राथमिकता देती है।
I am not a spoon, nor a watchman, but .. I am a PSU PSB worker unemployed due to funding
Vollywood Dal is the party, here training is given for committing atrocities crimes.
कराची बारिश जब रोड नागरिकों के लिए डाइविंग पूल बन जाते हैं  ऐसे कई वीडियो पानी से भरी सड़कों के, राजधानी के लोगों द्वारा सोशल मीडिया पर साझा किये गए हैं 
सबसे ज़्यादा लोगों की नौकरी छिनने वाले मोदी जी पहले पीएम होंगे जो कल लाल क़िला से देश को सम्बोधित करेंगे ।
Respected Modi ji to answer to China .. Congressmen first understand your G23 and do "diplomacy" to appoint your president.
Famous film star Naseeruddin Shah, who was admitted in a bad hospital, admits Naseeruddin Shah's fans are seeking health
As soon as the development came out of Gujarat, Ambani became a broker of Adani as soon as he reached Delhi.
Voda Idea may increase percentage tariff, exercise to reduce AGR burden
फ्रांस में एक शख़्स ने मक्खी मारने के चक्कर में घर ही जला डाला
Blow these BSDK Chinese people, this brother-in-law will purify everyone ... O God, save me in my youth, I don't want to be Karan Johar ..
सेंट्रल क्राइम ब्रांच ने कल कन्नड़ फिल्मनिर्माता इंद्रजीत लंकेश से पूछताछ की थी। सीसीबी ने बताया कि उन्होंने कुछ लोगों के नाम लिए हैं। नशीली दवाओं के सेवन को लेकर उनसे पूछताछ हो रही है।
Is this news true? Pak PM's wife and driver positive Imran Negative
How will the economy be this year ahead, SBI said in its report via
प्यारे किसान बहनोंभाइयों को रामराम आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री जी आज PMKISAN योजनांतर्गत धनराशि की छठी किस्त बैंक खातों में अंतरित करेंगे। यह योजना वर्तमान कठिन परिस्थितियों में अत्यंत मददगार सिद्ध हो रही है। आप अर्थव्यवस्था की रीढ़ हैं।
ब्रेकिंग न्यूज़ बिहार बिहार के स्मार्ट सिटी पटना में बीजेपी विधायक के लात जूता के मशीन में जमकर जनता के द्वारा हुई कुटाई रोड नहीं त वोट नहीं को लेकर हुई थी विवाद नेताजी के गलत शब्दों के कारण हो गई कुटाई
In 1946, the rulers issued a decree that break the temple which is in the state of Goa, stop the celebration of Hindus and expel the Brahmins from the country. The Christian missionaries had a disgusting mentality behind burning Sabari Malai temple in Kerala and breaking the idol of God.
Stop playing false drums, I have been contacting for the last several months, for my elder brother's Corona warrior Inam, Sala is not answering, there is a third class government, even approached but the crows are black there too
मेरी विधानसभा नई दिल्ली के एक इलाक़े में बिजली को लेकर कुछ समस्या थी जिसे तुरंत ठीक करने के आदेश दिए थे। आज जायज़ा लेने गया तो पाया कि लोग अब बिजली की सप्लाई से ख़ुश थे। दिल्ली में बिजली सस्ती भी मिलती है और घंटे भी।
इलाहाबाद हाईकोर्ट ने में हुक्का बार पर रोक लगा दी है।
पी.एच.एच. राशन कार्डों के अंतर्गत पूरे प्रदेश में गेहूं मी.टन, चावल मी. टन तथा चना मी. टन चने का वितरण किया गया ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
कांग्रेस वर्किंग कमेटी CWC ने मोदीजी ओर भाजपा को दिया तगड़ा झटका, राहुल का अध्यक्ष बनना महीने के लिए टला, 
    अगर तुम मुसलमान हो तो तुम अपराधी हो, और अगर बीजेपी के विरोधी हो तो तुम सीधे आतंकवादी हो ..
इस कमीने को रजत जी आपने शो में बुलाना चाहिए ये देश द्रोही ताकत है ।
देश ने अब धीरेधीरे लॉकडाउन को अनलॉक करना शुरू कर दिया है, ऐसे में अन्य कुछ अभिनेताओं की तरह दीपिका पादुकोण भी न्यू नॉर्मल को अपना रही हैं
लोडू चोपड़ा तो ऐसे खुश है जैसे सुपर ओवर कमेंट्री का एक्स्ट्रा पैसा मिलेगा, भक्क साला दिहाड़ी मजदूर 
An Army JCO Junior Commissioned Officer was martyred in Pakistan's ceasefire violation in Kerry sector of Jammu, Kashmir.
The process of Phase III of sero survey is being started in Delhi, what will be the benefit
When Yogi ji first became MP, people have been defeating him ever since, but Yogi ji has also been a Member of Parliament since then and since then he is also Chief Minister .. This time also people are asking whether Yogi will not be allowed to become the Chief Minister but the heart This dream is also good for recreation
Sushant singh supreme court verdict: Big decision on CBI probe in Sushant Singh Rajput case.
Zakir Naik is not a Dalit Hindu. There are 300 million Muslims in India, they should form a political alliance with the Dalits. Shias, Sunnis should not fight among themselves, Muslims should go to Kerala in maximum numbers. Hindu, am I secular
The Protest is against CAA but the dress code is hijab and burqa. Freedom from patriarchy and manuwad will be attained by wearing hijab and burqa. Simply put, this is not a nationwide agitation, but a show of strength and the patience of the Hindus of the country is being tested.
इसमें हाथ में थाली लिए बड़ी संख्या में लोग खड़े दिख रहे हैं। इसमें हाथ में थाली लिए बड़ी संख्या में लोग खड़े दिख रहे हैं।
Chief Minister Shri G. Inaugurating Shayya Kovid 19 Hospital in the newly constructed bedded institute in Gorakhpur.
The pair remained with the king of Kappu Rani.
The business of the businessman has become fascinated for the grain of the common citizen of India; the business of the businessman is over here; the BJP MLA Varma, along with the sister of the devotees, will be seen in the hands of Radua Luchle Lehar, who will enjoy the country.
Ardoआनan talks about sacrifice, warns France of big news today
If your vehicle is seen moving around in CCTV camera then action will be taken.
मुजफ्फरपुर प्रेम प्रसंग में जब मम्मीपापा बने दीवार, तब कलयुगी बेटी ने प्रेमी संग मिलकर उठाया ये खौफनाक कदम अभिषेक कुमार की रिपोर्ट
Your neighbor's father's name has come in the bastard antics, now he will be really scared in the country, you are also in the line.
इंग्लैंड के खिलाफ टी20 मैच के दौरान सरफराज अहमद की जम्हाई लेते हुए की तस्वीर वायरल हो गई
जब मोदीजी ने UNO के कॉन्फ्रेंस हॉल में प्रवेश किये तो वहां उपस्थित सभी लोगों ने उनका खडे होकर अभिवादन किया । उनके बीच केवल एक बंदा था जो छुप रहा था और दुनिया के सामने अपनी भद्द पिटवा रहा था । उसे दुनिया मे बैठने लायक मोदी ने छोङा नहीं और मोदी जी के सामने खङा होने की उसकी औकात नहीं । पहचान तो आप गए ही होंगे ।
The Union Minister wrote a letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg warning about the use of Facebook, but also raised questions about the attitude of Facebook India during the elections.
मुगल  सगी माँ, बहन और बेटी के साथ शारीरिक संबंध बनाने वाला खानदान बहन से शारीरिक संबंध बनाने वाला अकबर, सगी बेटी से सम्बंध बनाने वाला शाहजहां, पिता की बेगम से सेक्स करने वाला जहांगीर  यही है मुगलों का इतिहास
हिन्दू का खून लाल मुसलमान का खून लाल, बताऔ कौन हिंदू कौन मुसलमान कहने वालो सूवर का खून और कुत्ते का खून भी लाल होता है साला शिया लोग जब सुन्नी का भाई नही बन सकता तो हिन्दू का क्या खाक बनेगा याद रखना गद्दार और देशद्रोही का रक्त भी लाल होता है जय श्री राम सभी मित्रों को 
यह आदमी इस देश में दंगा करवा कर ही मानेगा इससे पहले इस कमीनी को जल्द से जल्द अरिष्ट करके कड़ी से कड़ी सजा दी जाए इसका कोई ऐसा डिबेट नहीं है जिसमें यह हिंदू मुसलमान ना किया हो ऐसे पत्रकारिता पर थूकता है भारत
Jyoti Paswan, the brave girl who brought her father to his home after driving a kilometer cycle, was made a victim of his lust by the government of good governance because the spectacle has not taken place in the house of a rich man's daughter. Have hunted
Delhi government order, private schools should not charge any fees other than tuition fees
Chief Minister Shri G. doing a terrestrial inspection of the international airport in Kushinagar.
Delhi Police busts an extortion racket allegedly being run from jail
BPSC Judicial Service Examination deadline extended for Bihar Bihar Judicial Service Competition Examination
Congress formed screening committee for Bihar election, Avinash Pandey to be chairman
WhatsApp चैट्स पर सेट कर सकेंगे अलगअलग वॉलपेपर रिपोर्ट
अपने मानसिक स्वास्थ्य का ध्यान रखें। किसी भी तरह की मनोसामाजिक सहायता के लिए राष्ट्रीय मानसिक स्वास्थ्य और स्नायु विज्ञान संस्थान NIMHANS की हेल्पलाइन पर कॉल करें। बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार।
India's policy director received threats, lodged complaint with Delhi Police's cyber cell
बिहार में JEE, NEET और NDA के परीक्षार्थियों के लिए भारतीय रेल चलाएगी जोड़ी स्पेशल पैसेंजर ट्रेन
आप माने या ना माने लेकिन की लोकसभा चुनाव बिल्कुल फ्रॉड और धोखेबाजी है जिस उपचुनाव में विपक्षी चुनाव जीत जाती है महीना बाद चुनाव हार जाते हैं पूरी चुनाव परिणाम को ही बदल दी गई भारत में लोकतंत्र नहीं पैसा तंत्र हावी होकर चुनाव परिणाम को ही बदल देती है
After June, the entire lockdown may be given by the Home Ministry.
 सितंबर में संघ लोक सेवा आयोग द्वारा आयोजित CDS II के परिणाम घोषित।
If there is no word Hindutva in the Congress dictionary… why wake up and erase the word Congress in the dictionary of Hindus
Skilled manpower is very essential to make India a manufacturing hub. Union Minister, Shri Gadkari inaugurates Technology Center TC in Bhiwadi. New TCs will be set up very soon
साले तुम किसान बन बैठोगे, तो हम क्या पत्तलकार बन जाए 
People attacked Delhi's office of Zee News for calling Delhi's people free and traitors. Have you heard that right
I am a BJP supporter, but the way the government is sleeping in our state Gujarat, it will be more necessary for them to wake up from sleep. Much of the state of Gujarat is so useless that cheating you in monsoon is like chewing iron gram. ાંગીનાખ્યા
First of all, I congratulate you and your team for your contribution to the Hindu nation. You and your team have worked with honesty and hard work, laying the foundation for the construction of Ram temple. Hindus will always be grateful to you for that. I also congratulate you and your team for the elections. Thank you for your unprecedented contribution in this important time. I am also sending crores of rupees for early construction of Ram temple.
These top feature phones do not compete, give competition to smartphones
On his birthday, he said that there cannot be a better gift for me on the birthday that all of you in distress did a noble job and set up a blood donation camp
The rate of recovery of Kovid patients is around percent
सितंबर से खुल सकते हैं स्कूल, सरकार बना रही योजना, यह है पूरी प्लानिंग
Political mobilization started to give competition to Bihar NDA, Left parties also report Mahagathbandhan's stand:
मुख्यमंत्री योगी आदित्यनाथ के नेतृत्व में उत्तर प्रदेश विकास की नई रफ्तार पकड़ने को तैयार 
जब दो टके का आदमी शाहब बनता है तो यही होता है।
Rahul Gandhi should agree to declare a national route, brothers
You can write to me, the country's economy will be ruined and the country's economy will not be able to handle it. It has robbed the citizens of India, crores, and made them pauper, put all this money in the bag of Adani Ambani, people did not have the ability to make purchases. Near crore
डोनाल्ड ट्रंप ने शोक जताते हुए कहा कि भारत ने एक महान नेता खो दिया है
कोरोना के ख़िलाफ़ जारी लड़ाई में दिल्ली के करोड़ लोगों की मेहनत और प्रतिबद्धता समेत देश के अन्य राजनीतिक मुद्दों पर नवोदय टाइम्स के साथ बातचीत की।
This will be our grand Ram temple. Model view of the grand Ram temple in Ayodhya.
 ड्रग्स मामला रिया चक्रवर्ती से कल फिर पूछताछ करेगी NCB की टीम देखिए रिपब्लिक भारत पर  YouTube live TV
Rabri Devi engaged in an exercise to end the 'Cold War' between the two brothers in the Lalu family
Why Congress thinks red chillies when India, China see red eyes
प्रधानमंत्री ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति के अंतिम दर्शन कर श्रद्धा सुमन अर्पित किये
As a child, I really felt that he listened to me. Even today it seems like, Hrithik Roshan
The Indian army captured the Colonel of China and when returned, also returned the bodies of Chinese soldiers whose neck was broken. But the truth is felt only by those who speak their mind. Who himself does not know what he says
Sleeper cell was caught. These people work in people's homes and also commit riotous murder in the same houses to run religious organizations. Results of working with nationalists
Modi ji deposited his FD which was sold by selling 2 teas of tea for the marriage of poor children and broke it and deposited lakhs of rupees, will we still ask him unnecessary questions like GDP, congratulations to them for eating country srry mango suck
We are sitting here .. on WhatsApp and Facebook .. engaged in making fun of the corona virus .. If you want to see the real havoc of the corona then .. Watch this video from China not once, not twice, big attention. See from this how to catch the people trapped in the grip of this epidemic .. how many problems the police administration is facing there, your heart will also be shocked by watching this video
निजी कर्मचारी का दुःख। सैलरी सही बताओ तो रिश्तेदार इज्जत नहीं करते , ज्यादा बताओ तो उधार मांगते हैं अब समझ नहीं आ रहा के इज्जत बचाये या पैसा 
भारतीय रिज़र्व बैंक की मुद्रा प्रिंटिंग इकाई के डिप्टी डायरेक्टर जूतों में चोरी कर के नोट ले जाते केंद्रीय औद्योगिक सुरक्षा बल सी.आई.एस.एफ द्वारा पकड़े गए और उनके घर से दस हज़ार करोड़ 10,000 करोड़ रूपए बरामद हुए 
Wheat millet was given to maize maize for grinding in the backward family's house. When there was a slight loss of weight, there was no beating at that time there was no hand pump to send water for washing clothes and took water out of the well and brought it to her house. The caste mates used to clean the dishes in his house
It is heard that Nasiruddin Shah has also deteriorated, is hospitalized ..
The sadness of Maa Sharade, the goddess of Indian classical music, Padma Vibhushan Pt. Jasraj ji's death is sad. You have established Indian classical music on the global horizon by practicing lifelong vocals. Pray to God to place his soul at his Shri feet. Om Shanti
्तरप्रदेश में लखनऊ के जिला मजिस्ट्रेट अभिषेक प्रकाश ने कहा है कि संयुक्त प्रवेश परीक्षा और राष्ट्रीय पात्रता और प्रवेश परीक्षा को ध्यान में रखते हुए सामाजिक दूरी बनाए रखने के नियम का पालन करने के सभी उपाय कर लिये गये हैं।
While doing justice Yogi never saw caste and religion, whose crime was punished like that.
Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, Foreign Minister S Jaishankar, NSA Ajit Doval, CDS Bipin Rawat, Army Chief General Narwane are holding a high-level meeting to discuss the ongoing tension with China in Ladakh.
Sexual abuse in the madrasa, cleric arrested girls were rescued.
This is tomorrow's event. A Muslim masked woman was going with her child on the roadside of Rasra area of ​​Ballia district in UP, an auto driver from behind deliberately takes the car to the side and gives it to the masked woman and her baby girl, both of whom are there Let's break it.
Pig eggs of black caves do not follow me, keep a proper distance from me or else strike backward with the baton…
मीडिया के खिलाफ रिया चक्रवर्ती ने दर्ज की शिकायत, ईडी के समन पर वकील ने बोली ये बात
 कार्यस्थलों पर ोविड19 से बचाव ↗ सतहों व वस्तुओं को कीटाणुनाशक से रोज़ाना साफ करें ↗कर्मचारियों व आगंतुकों द्वारा नियमित रूप से हाथ धोने को बढ़ावा दें ↗ कार्यस्थल व प्रमुख स्थानों पर हैंड सैनिटाइजिंग के लिए डिस्पेंसर लगाएं
लॉकडाउन के दौरान बिना मास्क के सड़क पर घूम रहे बकरे को पुलिस ले गईं थाने बकरे मालिक से पूछताछ कर कुछ ले दे कर छोड़ााई करने में आगे बकरे और इंसान में कोई फर्क नही समझती घटना बेकनगंज थाना क्षेत्र की है
   युवा साथियो कल तो आपके सामने सोशल मीडिया पर कँगना का रंग फीका पड़ गया। आपका ट्रेंड े9मिनट वर्ल्ड ट्रेंड बन गया था।
Mayawati is directly supporting BJP in Rajasthan, those BJP who persecute Dalit and their atrocity is so big that in Ram temple silanas, President Ramnath Kovind ji was not even invited because he is a Dalit. Has gone
जागो हिन्दू जागो A हटाओ जब मुस्लिमों को इस्लाम की तालीम देने की मनाही नहीं तो हिन्दुओं को गीता और रामायण की क्यों मनाही है A ख़त्म करो हिन्दुओं पर पाबंदियां क्यों एक देश एक कानून बनाओ
Why Yogi ji bought corona scam in corona kit
How different is India's current economic situation from the corona virus
Jharkhand HC granted bail to Lalu Yadav in fodder scam Deoghar treasury case.
Please take necessary action by taking cognizance.
Army recruitment rally due to corona virus will now take place next year.
Yesterday one of our Congress friends was buying potatoes, I also asked, did the machine come to mind?
If you are a Muslim, you are a criminal, you are finished
How many people want, now Section A should be removed so that texts like Geeta Ramayana can be taught in schools. Jai Jai Shri Ram …
Imran Khan mimicked the tree plantation drive of Prime Minister Shri Modi in Pakistan but his followers uprooted trees because they think that plantation is against Islam
मेरे हिसाब से ये गलत हैंHappy person raising one hand क्यूँ की सिंह अगर कीसी भी जगह बैठा हो उसे सिंहासन कहाँ जाता है जैसे हम अभी बैठे हैं इनके लिए तो कहना होगा गधासन खाली कर गधे जनतासन लगाना है जो लोकतंत्र के स्टेञ पर ही लगता है कोई भी टोक सकता है मुझे म क्यूँ की ऐसा मेरा मानना है सभी का ना भी हो
यही चारों बालीवुड की लड़कियां है जिनको ुआ रेप कांड पर हिन्दू होने में शर्म आ रहीं थीं अब ्विंकलशर्मा के रेप कांड पर कहाँ मर गईं बाहर निकलो
Union Water Power Minister discussed with the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh on the implementation of Jal Jeevan Mission
बिहार के उपमुख्यमंत्री सुशील मोदी ने लगाया आरोप  जेल से पार्टी चला रहे हैं लालू 
I am not a Muslim, I am a Hindu, I will draw shortcomings in my religion. I do not mean any other religion.
I will vote only in the interest of the country; on hearing this, the Congressmen understand that this vote is not their own
बीसीसी न्यूज के मुताबिक कराची प्लैन क्रैश में पाक क्रिकेटर यासिर शाह की मौत, अल्लाह उन्हें जन्नत बख्शे
सड़क हादसे में पिताबेटी की दर्दनाक मौत, बाइक सवार परिवार को कार ने कुचला, हादसे में पत्नी घायल,अस्पताल में भर्ती, आमने सामने की भिड़ंत में दर्दनाक हादसा, नौगांवासादात थाना इलाके में हुआ बड़ा हादसा.
देश के खिलाप जो भी बकवास करेंगा उसे गोली मारनी चाहिए इनोने धंधा बना लिया है जब तक इनको सरे आम गोलिया नही मारते इनको समझ नही आयेगा
भारत के पूर्व राष्ट्रपति श्री प्रणब मुखर्जी जी का निधन देश के लिए अपूरणीय क्षति है।यह देश अपने सपूत को युगों युगों तक याद रखेगा, ईश्वर से उनकी आत्मा को शांति प्रदान करने की प्रार्थना करता हूँ ॐ शान्तिः ्रणवमुखर्जी
This is a selfie camera that is present, but not visible. Is mounted inside the screen. This photo also clicks while sitting inside the screen. But how is it possible that we never see it across the wall.
Kareena Kapoor appeared in this sports look before becoming a mother again, it is difficult to remove eyes from the pictures
मध्यप्रदेश में न तो सकारात्मक विपक्ष की भूमिका निभा पा रही और न ही जिम्मेदारी लेने से बच रही है। ऐसे में ने बेरोजगारों के लिये जो स्टैंड लिया है वैसे में अब यह पार्टी युवाओं, बेरोजगारों में अपनी मजबूत पकड़ बनाएगी.
आस्था की बात करे तो फूल बरसाए जाते है और शिक्ष। की बात करे तो लाठीया बरसाई जाती है  यही असलियत है योगी और मोदी की उनका मतलब हैं कि कोई भी गरीब परिवार का छात्र शिक्षित न हो
Many people are talking about not getting access to the center. But the government has decided to take the exam. In such a situation, Sonu Sood has taken the responsibility of taking students from flood affected areas to the examination centers.
There is a written section of our country, which seems right to take crores of Rafale aircraft in crores only because Modi has taken it, then believe friends, they are moving towards slavery in the coming time, the whole country will have to bear its loss.
The Shanghai China International News Agency has given a warning to all its readers. Do not send any good morning or good night message related photos and videos. Because they are designed by Chinese hackers. The phishing code is hidden inside these photos and videos. If you share this photo or video related to Good Morning or Goodnight Message. So not only can the data be stolen from your mobile but there is also the risk of hacking.
The PM expressed grief over the demise of Pranab Mukherjee. PM Modi wrote that the whole nation is saddened by the demise of Pranab Mukherjee, he was a statesman. Who has served every section of the political field and social sector.
A cow pulled a calf from the jaws of a leopard
पहचाने की नाहीं.... इ उहे लालू जी हैं जो बिहार से गरीबी मिटाते मिटाते करीब करोड़ के मालिक हो गए।.. अलबत्ता जिनके ये मसीहा थे वो आज भी चरवाहा विद्यालय में ही सिमट के रह गए.. इ होता है असली विकाश.. 
टीवी पत्रकार तो बहुत आए गये पर जान हथेली पे रखके चेलेंज वाला पत्रकार पहली बार देखा और सुना कोनसी मिट्टी के बने हो अर्नब गोस्वामी वंदन है तुम्हारी दबंगई को..
Sukhasya Moolam Dharma. Dharmasya root meaning. State of Origin With this announcement, the Prime Minister started the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana to uplift the people standing on the last rungs of the society. Today, this scheme has become the tool of Antyodaya.
Announcement of Bihar assembly election report in due time
PAK beat ENG by runs in a thrilling match, T20I series equal
पिछले वर्ष सरकारी अस्पतालों में माइनर सर्जरी हुई थीं, जबकि इस वर्ष माइनर सर्जरी हुई हैं। अगस्त को सरकारी अस्पतालों में महिलाओं की डिलीवरी हुई, जिनमें नार्मल तथा सिजेरियन डिलीवरी हुई हैं ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
The one who likes privatization, leave his job and cut the ticket for one month in private buses in ₹. Then write what is personalization ..
तुर्की के राष्ट्रपति रेचेप तैय्यप अर्दोआन ग्रीस के जहाज़ को डुबोना चाहते थे जर्मन अख़बार का दावा
अब शहर से किलोमीटर के दायरे में हेलमेट पहनने अनिवार्य नहीं है। सागर कुमार जैन नाम के शख्स की याचिका पर कोर्ट ने एक फैसला सुनाया है। इस फैसले के मुताबिक शहर से किलोमीटर के दायरे में वाहन चालक के लिए हेलमेट पहनना अनिवार्य नहीं होगा।
Manjhi replied to Chirag Paswan's Bihar First, Bihari First slogan, poster report with new slogan
हम मध्य प्रदेश वासियों को पता ही नहीं था कि मां नर्मदा रीवा में भी बहती हैं। हम मध्य प्रदेश वासियों का ज्ञानवर्धन करने के लिए देश के प्रधानमंत्री का आभार।। ुभरात्रि
दिल्ली में ओला और उबर कैब ड्राइवरों की हड़ताल का नहीं दिखा कोई खास असर
Death of a young man by falling, falling from the 5th floor, youth falling from balcony in suspicious condition, case of cloud 9 society of Indirapuram
The brother-in-law should have been slammed inside the parliament and beaten with Latjuts and neither Sanjay Singh ...
In the money laundering case, the Delhi court extended the ED custody of former AAP councilor Tahir Hussain till September.
नौकरी चाहिए  नौकरी, ाजपाकेराजमें, ले  लो  ले  लो, ीधेजॉइनलेटरलेलो उत्तर प्रदेश पुलिस ने नौकरी की मांग कर रहे युवाओं पर लाठी चार्ज किया
The lathi-charge on the dancing Y security and the donor is really driving my country dictatorial ....
स्मार्ट निवेश करना चाहते हैं तो बिनोमो आपके दे रहा शानदार मौका, जानिए कैसे होगा मुनाफा
जैसे तन की स्वच्छता के लिए स्नान जरूरी है, वैसे ही मन की स्वच्छता के लिए साधना जरूरी है। जो व्यक्ति दूसरों को रुलाते हैं एक दिन उन्हें खुद ही रोना पड़ता है । ालघरसंतोंकोन्यायकब 
Yes, brother .... who will play bean in front of buffalo?
करोड़ हिंदूओं को मिनट में काटने बात करने वालों आप ही चीन को गलवान से भगाकर चीन में उइगर मुस्लिम लोगों पर हो रहे अत्याचार का बदला लेने का दम दिखाये. फिर हमें देश मे मुस्लिम भाईयों से कोई आपत्ती नही
Mohammad Hafeez played a record breaking innings at the age of fours.
Delhi High Court bans bankruptcy process against Anil Ambani via
Throw bastard
Writing a letter to Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, accused him of discrimination.
 सॉलिसिटर जनरल ने सुप्रीम कोर्ट में कहा दो साल के लिए बढ़ाया जा सकता है मोरैटोरियम
टीम इंडिया के पूर्व तेज गेंदबाज जवागल श्रीनाथ ने एमएस धोनी की जमकर तारीफ की 
Delhi's CM is a bastard, but what is the fault of the team in this?
बिजली के बिल की सब्सिडी को लेकर बनारस के बुनकर चले आंदोलन की राह
DIG suspended the drunk soldier, after taking cognizance of the case suspended the soldier, the soldier beat the rickshaw driver, threatened the people who came to the rescue, the addict was stationed at the Swaroop Nagar police station.
   आज उन सभी युवा बेरोजगार साथियों का धन्यवाद जिन्होंने े9मिनट हैशटैग को वर्ल्ड वाइड ट्रेंड करवाया सरकार की नाकामी को पूरे…
 कृपया कृत कार्यवाही से अवगत कराएँ।
कृपया शांत रहे भारत की बर्बादी पर बोलने की बदमाशी मत करें बेरोजगारी पर बोलने की बदमाशी मत करें कृपया शांति बनाए बैठे रहे कश्मीरियों पर अत्याचार पर चुप्पी बनाए रहे बोलने की कोशिश करेंगे एनकाउंटर हो जाएगी देशद्रोही बता दी जाएगी आतंकी बता दी जाएगी शांति बनाए रखें
Police interrogation of terrorist Yusuf, who came to shake Delhi, continues, so far others have been detained
दिन में तीसरी बार कोर्ट में पेश हुए राहुल गांधी, एडीसीबी मानहानि मामले में मिली जमानत
What Modi will say on this act of Himat Gohel BJP MLA Anil Upadhyay, give this your Hindustan can see the whole of India ..
इस चूतिये को देश से बाहर करो साला पागल हो गया है।
NEETJEE के मसले पर राहुल ने फिर किया मोदी सरकार पर हमला, कहा ‘अपने अहंकार की वजह से भारत के भविष्य को ख़तरे में डाल रही सरकार’
दिल्ली में कोरोना की बेहतर होती स्थिति से लेकर देश के राजनीतिक माहौल पर महाराष्ट्र के अख़बार से बातचीत की।
कोरोना काल में चीन ने किया इतना आयात कि भारत का स्टील निर्यात दोगुना से ज्यादा हुआ via
If it is a personal right to have a child, which cannot be curbed, then how is the government responsible for their starvation? They speak of Allah, but Hindus do Hajj with the money of temples. The dearest Ram, our Jai Shri Ram
Those who buy crores of rupees will find the tomato price of rupees very expensive.
Our country before India, which we all Indians were proud of, but has been eclipsed by the country's brotherhood, Aman Prem, the country's development, the country's Ganges, Jamni Tehzeeb, the hypocrisy, ended up selling the country to run his shop. The traitor supported his bag to die
It is said that this haraamkhor Anurag Kashyap who has not been arrested yet, his brother was protecting his child Omar Khalid, but this haughty dog ​​should understand that no one can hide the truth is the biggest rapist of the country who is the biggest rapist of girls. This dog rapes
केरल के कोझिकोड में एयर इंडिया विमान के दुर्घटनाग्रस्त होने की खबर से मन व्यथित है। ईश्वर मृतकों की आत्मा को शांति प्रदान करें, उनके परिजनों को इस दुःख के समय में संबल दें एवं घायलों को शीघ्र स्वास्थ्य लाभ प्रदान करें।
साला चरस फूकने वाला है। साले ने राज्यसभा की मर्यादा को तारतार कर दिया।
भाजपा ये ही तो डराती है सबको, हिंदू खतरे में हैं,  केस ऐसे है जहां मुस्लिम कट्टरपंथ चरम पर है इस सरकार मैं।  तुम जानते ही हो कौन उत्पीड़न कर रहा है, जो गुनहगार है उसको सजा मिलनी चाहिए चाहे कोई भी हो किसी भी जाति समुदाय से हो।
Uttar Pradesh has ensured social and economic security of the common man amidst Corona nettle. The very next day after the honorable PM Shri Ji announced an economic package of ₹ 20 lakh crore, Uttar Pradesh distributed a loan of ₹ 2000 crore to more than two lakh MSME units.
In the Corona epidemic, the native jugaad is the mother of invention, need not let the man die to die. Who adopted this jugaad during the lockdown
सुशांत सिंह राजपूत मामले में CBI ने मुंबई पुलिस के जाँच अधिकारी और सब इंस्पेक्टर को भेजा समन
Charu Sinha to wipe out terrorists after Naxalites, Srinagar becomes first woman IG of CRPF sector
लोगों से अपील है कि समीर एप को डाउनलोड करें, ये बिल्कुल मुफ्त है और इससे आप शहरों की हवा की मॉनिटरिंग कर पाऐंगे, ये एक अच्छी सुविधा है जिससे हमारी भी जागरूकता बढ़ती है  केंद्रीय मंत्री
Kashyap terrorists involved in every anti-national activity. Omar Khalid was very angry when he went to jail. Now this traitor bastard has accused the actress of rape, now he will also go to jail with his brother Khalid. Patko tihad
Think if the GDP figure has come, if the Congress had been in power, what would have happened by now, all the fake nationalist journalists were doing Mujra, Smriti Irani dance on the streets and press conference on BJP press conference, but today there is silence everywhere, some people are happy to ruin the country Huh
चीन द्वारा शांति का राग अलापना महज़ एक दिखावा
A year ago, Jammu and Kashmir got independence from Article. This year is a new development journey of Jammu and Kashmir. This year has been giving fundamental rights to women and Dalits in Jammu and Kashmir. It is also a year of the dignified life of refugees in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan floods Dawood's house, angry people pelt stones at administration office
Now look at what is happening, China is threatening openly, where are you sitting under the tail and doing stupid things on TV, you are threatening the citizens of the country, do not let them
Nobel laureate Teresa supported Union Carbide after the Bhopal gas tragedy. She supported the government of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. She also went to Nicaragua and supported the Contras.
महीने बाद जेल से रिहा डॉ. कफील खान, योगी सरकार पर वार
Minister Prem Kumar gave advice to Chirag Paswan, said report of restraint in speaking is very important
I do not want a holiday on October because Gandhi had destroyed the country, won by one vote, but made PM Gaddar Nehru ..
दुखद खबर  अमिताभ बच्चन अब नहीं रहे मर्द 
कल एक तब्लीगी मिला था, हमने कहा सिंध बलूच POK और चीन में हमारे मुस्लिम भाईयों पर अत्याचार हो रहा है, बस गुस्से में बचपन की दोस्ती तोड़ कर चला गया 
This is Sandeep Singh with drugs. That's why Kamini Jaya is talking nonsense ...
In Jodhpur on August, there was a sensation after the dead body of a Pakistani displaced Hindu family met the farm. The case of the death of the displaced has now been revealed, in which the story of the struggle of three brave sisters is hidden. He died after consuming poisonous chemicals.
If Bollywood had not given you a plate, like Reena Thakur, you would have seen in the bathroom with a BJP leader what is the misdemeanor to reach Bollywood. You were a drug supplier in Hindi cinema who transported from Punjab to Mumbai. All this is not hidden
ANALYSIS भारत में बिकने वाले ज्यादातर हैंड सैनिटाइजर नकली और जहरीले 
Poco M2 Pro now available in open cell, know price and specifications
कोरोना वैक्सीन का इंजेक्शन लगने के बाद रूसी राष्ट्रपति व्लादिमीर पुतिन की बेटी की मौत हो गई है।
Those who do not respect their land of work will not respect anyone in the country. Such selfish people live only for money. Kangana
Athawale said that Sibal, Azad and other veteran Congress leaders have been accused of complicity with the BJP, so they should resign and join the BJP like Jyotiraditya Scindia.
Is the unorganized sector of the country devastated by the Corona epidemic?
Scientists at RRI have discovered a new method for quantum state estimation, which can simplify important quantum procedures Description
कंगना के स्थान पर अगर कोई मुस्लिम फिल्मी कलाकार मुम्बई की तुलना POK से किया होता तो गोदी मीडिया ampबीजेपी उसको ही नही पूरे मुस्लिम को पाकी कह देते।
The Department of Justice has selected the applicant for the government job by direct recruitment for the above posts of Peon, Clerk, Guard and Peon.
In Corona, we are all divided into two parts. One is those who are very careful, the other are those who are cool.…
Have sworn that whatever happens, people do not have to tell the truth. People will stop asking and pay attention when they go astray. Then what will you do when the result is announced. Then everyone will come to know and will be proved to be false.
The case of the death of the young man in police custody, the accused policemen fell, the policeman including the police station was suspended, the case of the accused policemen was also filed, the policeman including the police station was sued.
Owl can be promoted for akaratna if head rating is increased.
SC में बोली सरकार, लोन की किस्त में राहत साल बढ़ाई जा सकती है via
कांग्रेस प्रवक्ता का आरोप जो लोग मोदी सरकार का एजेंडा चलाते हैं... उनके बारे में जल्द निर्णय होते हुए हम देखते हैं।  लाइव
दिशा सालियां का चार लोगों ने बलात्कार किया उसके बाद एक बड़े नेता का बॉडीगार्ड सहित चार लोग मिलकर उसके हाथ पैर पकड़कर उसे मंजिल से नीचे फेंक दिया  चश्मदीद एक बॉलीवुड की बेटी के साथ इतनी बर्बरता हुई लेकिन कोई कमीना भांड मुहं नहीं खोल रहा है बेशर्म
Kovid 19 is not a vaccine, it is treated on the basis of symptoms, so the best way to avoid it is to be careful and alert. ACS, Medicine and Health, Mr. Amit Mohan Prasad ji
In Janmashtami, the peacock feather is so important that the killing of so many peacocks is justified, after all, there is a ruckus about the sacrifices of Bakrid, why give the right to some discussion;
उड़ता मुंबई कांपते सुपरस्टार घबराते नेता नंगा होता BollyWood  भागते DON  मौन विपक्ष  मोदी है तभी मुमकिन है  
Identify these animal smugglers, ABPGanga absconding forcibly stealing cows
Even saddened by the death of the farmers, Emperor Amit Shah, your brave army is doing a surgical strike in Madhya Pradesh too.
How much blood will flow, every drop will be accounted
Sant Kesavanand Bharti, who gave the principle of basic structure of the constitution, died on Sunday. He was old.
Pita China, cried Pakistan
उत्तर प्रदेश में हमारी राजनीति, विज़न और प्लान यहाँ की जनता तय करेगी। आम आदमी पार्टी की यूपी में बढ़ती सक्रियता पर आज दिल्ली के मुख्यमंत्री अरविन्द केजरीवाल को मैंने विशेष साक्षात्कार हेतु आमंत्रित किया। कोरोना दिल्ली मॉडल, कॉंग्रेस् के बिखराव जैसे मुद्दे पर वो खुलकर बोले।
The Prime Minister shouted minutes and gave a speech from the Red Fort, not once took the name of China. Even if people do not understand, the misfortune of the country. Is the person who is afraid to take the name of China worth running.
. Home Ministry has released the unlock guideline, the school colleges will remain closed till September, although the online classes will continue, the staff of the school will be present, the students will be able to come from 9th to the 9th school, voluntarily for the teacher's advice.
There is no statement from our government even hours after the Chinese defense minister issued a statement after bilateral talks in Moscow. Is our PM busy in Ladakh playing with peacocks in his palace garden for a time of square km lost from China
Look at this woman's wretchedness, how much has fallen, to kill her, she is slapping her mouth, then she will be viral
Akshay Kumar joins Bharatiya Janata Party
Railways take initiative for students taking JEENEET exam
Final इस बार वर्ल्ड क्रिकेट को मिलेगा नया चैम्पियन, जानें क्या कहता है दोनों टीमों का गणित.
योगी जी का जलवा कुछ अलग ही रहता है.. UP में अगस्त तक सभी धार्मिक उत्सव और समारोह पर पूर्ण पाबन्दी रहेगी  योगी सरकार.. 29 को मुहर्रम है 
चचेरे भाई ने नाबालिग बहन के साथ दुष्कर्म करने के बाद की उसकी हत्या, फिर किया कुछ ऐसा जिसे जान रह जाएंगे दंग
 एक मुस्कुराती तस्वीर है, उसकी मेरे पास,, जो मुझे मुस्कुराने की वजह देती रहती है ...™ 
महाराष्ट्र सरकार ने कंगना को सुरक्षा मिलने पर आश्चर्य जताया
BJP's virtual strategy in Bihar elections changed environment, will report its talk to the public through digital
Speak to your father, Mumbai, ish rapist, who was becoming very hosier, has now died. Do the rapists go to give food to brother-in-law and Kangana, where they should open their mouths, they will be accounted for by the victory they have won in the sport The public will do the same
After Toll Naka to MumbaiPune Express Highway… Be careful while crossing Lonavala Sector..Fog and haze for a long time… till the end.
NCB दफ्तर के लिए रिया घर से निकलीं, आज फिर पूछताछ करेगा NCB, कल हुई पूछताछ में रिया ने माना कि ड्रग्स डीलर बासित उसके घर आता था.
चीन में मुस्लिम भाइयों पर अत्याचार।
India's GDP fell by a large percentage in the April-June quarter. Financial sector reached growth.
ज़ुल्म के सरे हुनर हम पर यूं आजमाएं गए.... ज़ुल्म भी हमने सहा और ज़ालिम भी हम ही कहलाए गए..
Year old model Mansi Dixit was murdered by Muzmal Sayyed and her body was stuffed in a suitcase. No statement by the Intolerance Brigade, no coverage by the national media, no outrage in Bollywood, no performance of any kind. Some people still think that the religion of the victim and the accused does not matter. Do you call it secularism
दिग्गज जोकोविच क्यों हुए डिफॉल्ट, जानिए क्या कहते हैं नियम
मंदिर में पिटता कानून पुलिस वाले को केवल इसलिये पीटा गया क्योंकि वो मंदिर में लोक डाउन के पालन को तोड़ने पर रोक लगा रहा था।।
Old model of Honda City will continue to be sold, ₹ 1.60 lakh cheaper than new
There was a verbal war between Mumbai between Sanjay Raut and Kangana Ranaut
Accused the Modi government of endangering India's future.
Sensational case in Aligarh, stepmother used to make lesbian relations by feeding stimulants to daughters
किसी भी व्यक्ति को उसी की भाषा में उत्तर देना चाहिए, तभी वह ठीक से समझ पाता है. ्वप्रिययोगीजी
Make laws, you have no power, then with full majority, why do you cry in front of the other?
गिरफ्तार बकरे काे मिली जमानत कानपुर में बिना मास्क के घूम रहे बकरे को योगी पुलिस ने किया गिरफ्तार ये खबर सुनने के बाद बकरा समुदाय में डर का माहौल फिर बकरों में मची मास्क खरीदने की होड़ कुछ सूत्रों से पता चला है कि अब बकरे कागज ढूंढेंगे क्या पता कल अमित शाह कागज मांगे 
जिनका क़त्ल हुआ अगर वो दलित या मुस्लिम है तो फिर क़त्ल करने वाला कोई भी हो उत्तर प्रदेश में क़ातिल को सज़ा नही मिल सकती, क्यों कि योगी सरकार जाती और धर्म देख कर काम करती है, इन सालों में जितना ज़ुल्म मुसलमानों और दलितों पर हमारे देश में हुआ है आज़ादी के बाद कभी नही हुआ।
Chidambaram gave suggestions to the Center to bring the economy back on track
 एनसीबी कार्यालय के लिए अपने आवास से रवाना हुईं रिया चक्रवर्ती, देखिए रिपब्लिक भारत पर  YouTube live TV
Special news of DD News Self-reliant Today's topic of discussion in roads Roads important for India's development, Union Minister launches schemes worth crores of rupees
Our effort to make Mokshadayini Maa Ganga immortal and clean is coming to fruition. In Uttar Pradesh, the cities of Uttar Pradesh have got the top position in all the three categories of Ganga cities. Varanasi tops the category of Ganga cities with a population of over one lakh.
Sushant case, what did CBI do to Riya?
महाराष्ट्र तीन तलाक देकर रिश्ता तोड़ा, पत्नी की शिकायत पर पति के खिलाफ मामला दर्ज
मेरी नृत्य और एक्टिंग गुरु अभिनेत्री और पद्मश्री हेमा मालिनी मा कुछ मिनिटों पहले साँस में तक़लीफ़ के चलते अस्पताल में भर्ती हुई हैं । वर्षीय अभिनेत्री को पिछले कुछ हफ्तों से स्वास्थ संबंधी तकलीफ़े हैं । उनके पति और बॉलीवुड के माचो मैन धर्मेंद्र, उनकी दो लड़कियां ईशा और अहाना और उनके दोनों लड़के सनी और बॉबी देओल ड्रीम गर्ल ऑफ इंडिया के लिए प्रार्थना करने की गुजारिश करते हैं ।
सितम्बर को मध्यप्रदेश के अलगअलग क्षेत्रों में चलाये गए ऑक्सीजन जाँच अभियान की कुछ तस्वीरें। . . . .
Now devotees will not be able to rub the Jyotirlinga in Ujjain Mahakal temple of Madhya Pradesh. There will also be a limited amount and few people will be allowed to offer milk.
PM is all right, our Bihar leader is all greedy sinner, the bastard is a marauder, everyone does not supprt the start-up, till date, no one industry has been established, all unemployment is not stopped or migration is not worth it. The complete boycott of the NDA, irrespective of whoever comes, should form the government of any party.
The symbol of the Supreme Court has changed ... instead of 'Satyamev Jayate' ... Yo Dharmastato Jai ... Where religion wins there
Amitabh Bachchan, silent on Ram temple, silent on Sushant Singh Rajput, silent on Palghar incident.
Hussein's martyrdom went to Muslims by giving this message that no matter how powerful the baton is, if you are on the truth then your head is…
Let us all together raise our voice for the safety of Kashmiris and their fundamental rights.
All India Majlis, Ittehadul Muslimeen chief Asaduddin Owaisi made this statement if the Central Government deports seven Rohingya refugees to Myanmar, then they will have to evacuate me too
Russia was rubbing its nose for compromise, make a compromise with China, do not fool the idiot Indian, cut the nose of the country, now it will tell victory even more, the extent of shamelessness has reached, Doklam will bother to tell who is in possession. If it is, then Galvan valley has gone away from India.
Uddhav In Mumbai today, you dropped Kangna's office, dropped the honor of Baba Saheb in front of the world, and also ended all our relations, now there will be a religious war between the Kauravas and the Pandavas, in which I will stand in your opposition.
अयोध्या में मस्जिद की डिजाइन तैयार करने वाले जामिया के प्रोफेसर बोले हमारा उद्देश्य सभी को एक साथ लाना via
जापानी मनोचिकित्सक अकिओशी किताओका ने बनाई छवियों को दर्शकों की मदद करने के लिए डिज़ाइन किया गया है ताकि वे अपने दिमाग का स्तर माप सकें  अनिवार्य रूप से, यदि आप इन चित्रों को देखते हैं और वे अभी भी नहीं घूम रहें हैं  तनाव मुक्त , धीरेधीरे घूम रहे हैं  थोड़ा तनाव , तेजी से धूम रहे हैं  ज्यादा तनाव , आपका परिणाम क्या है
प्रदेश उपाध्यक्ष जी की उपस्थिति में ग्वालियरचंबल संभाग में ऑक्सीजन जांच अभियान के प्रशिक्षण को लेकर ग्वालियर में आज महत्वपूर्ण बैठक आयोजित की गई।
. ने पिछले साल की समान अवधि की तुलना में इस वर्ष माल ढुलाई में प्रतिशत से अधिक की बढ़ोतरी दर्ज की रेलवे ने इस साल मिशन मोड पर काम करते हुए पिछले वर्ष की समान अवधि में हुई कमाई और माल ढुलाई के आंकड़े को बड़े अंतर से पार कर लिया विवरण 
What is she doing on culture, even after eight days, the killer of culture is not known, the SSP of Lucknow issued an appeal lucknow polytechnic student sanskriti murder case update
The Kashmiri youth throwing stones threw stones at the army dog…. Kute did not wait for the government order. He did what was right.
Shikhandiyo of Thi Hai Nashadwood .. Isha was raped by four people, after that four people including bodyguard of a big leader got hold of his hands and threw him down from the floor. Not opening ..
Today's young man does not have very big dreams, he does not want a job of crores of crores, wants to get a job of thousands or thousands to fill his family's stomach.
Kangana's limp ... be filled as she is
BIHAR  कोरोना महामारी के बीच बिहार में DSP का तबादला, देखें पूरी लिस्ट
अरे भाई काहे का बड़ा गुंडा, भांड है साला।आप लोग बिलावजह इसे गुंडा न बनाओ हमारे यहाँ ऐसे छततिस है। सारी गुंडाई पिछवाड़े मे डाल देते है।
Sajid Khan grabbed my breast and said, is this real? Did Rachel wear all the clothes for the role in White Housefull? Model Paula asked to have sex with the dog. Sajid tried to rape me by Ahana Kumra Anurag Kashyap. Payal Ghosh Disha was raped.
What did RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat say about Pranab Mukherjee
A noble heart person donated a plasma and saved the precious life of Paramjit Singh Jaggi, a resident of Karol Bagh. Others who have recovered from Corona can also save many lives by donating their plasma.
Economy situation may worsen, the government may increase the relief package via Rajan
UP: YouTuber Heer Khan's helpers will also tighten the screws, will be sent to jail
CM Nitish Kumar targeted the opposition, said some people will provoke but remember the report of the first day
एक मस्जिद से खाद्य सामग्री बाँटी जा रही थी, कुछ ज़रूरतमंद हिन्दु वहाँ पहुँच गये पर उसको यह कहकर भगा दिया गया की यहाँ पर हिंदुओं के लिये कोई व्यवस्था नहीं है 
CM will inaugurate the largest bedded Kovid hospital in Lucknow
Revealing fraudulent ATM card change, police arrested one accused, ATM card recovered from accused, Jewar police station arrested.
Elephants are killed every year in Kerala alone
लेह में एयरफोर्स ने सुखोई से उड़ान भरी, ब्लैक टॉप पर भारत का क़ब्ज़ा बरक़रार…
गलवान से पैंगोंग तक जय हिंद की सेना
Now the maternal uncle has crossed the limit, it is an excuse, the real issue is to avoid the by-election.
I Italian N naked C fucker and comedian P party
After Tik Tok Ban, this is what every Tiktokiya is saying today.
अंधभक्तो जिसे तुम पत्रकारिता कहते हो उसे हमारे लोग भड़वागिरी कहते हैं। 
I wish even a mourning meeting was a joke, a photo opportunity for them, see for yourself. This is a differential obsession that embarrasses the army. Here, apathetic obedience is a sarcastic assumption.
मुस्लिम समाज में प्रचलित पुरुषों के बहुविवाह और निकाह हलाला को चुनौती देने वाली याचिकाओं को जल्द सुनवाई के लिए लगाने से SC ने मना किया। कहा अभी सुनवाई के लिए संविधान पीठ का गठन कर पाना संभव नहीं है। SC ने पिछले साल मार्च को इस मसले पर सरकार को नोटिस जारी किया था
A lawsuit has been filed against Sharjil Imam under UAPA.
Kansi Kala lynching where a man was murdered by a mob the day before, on that issue, I was just informed by the SP countryside Mathura police that an FIR has been lodged under the section, I got SP Sahab made the harshest. Also assured.
Doctor Mujahid, who has banned Patanjali's coronil medicine, has been fired by the Ministry of AYUSH.
जम्मूकश्मीर व लद्दाख से अनुच्छेद व ए को हटाकर वहां के नागरिकों को एकसमान अधिकार दिए जिससे वहाँ के नागरिक मुख्यधारा से जुड़कर विकास पथ पर आगे बढ़कर देश की प्रगति में अपना अमूल्य योगदान दे रहे हैं और लोगों को रोजगार एवं शिक्षा के समान अवसर मिल रहे हैं।
ये कमीना स्तीफा देकर राजनीति करे तब तो कुछ समझ मे आये जुगाड़ से नौकरी मिली है नीचता दिखा रहा है
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh is the only organization in this country. Who throws the country out of trouble by taunting it at the time of every calamity and…
China is doing military talks on one side, trying to infiltrate on the other side
One who does not have CBI, ED has JCB
September will be celebrated as Nutrition Month. A competition on food and nutrition will be organized on the portal and a mem competition will also be held on PM
मोहब्बत की सूर अपना रहे हैं दिल्ली पुलिस वालों इतनी मोहब्बती सूर मिलेगा सुनने को दिल्ली पुलिस वालों जहरीले सांपों आतंकियों सुनो क्या बोल रहा है
Muslim population in Europe is increasing rapidly
Babbar Khalsa International terrorists caught in Delhi, firing information
लव जिहाद का अंत हमेशा हिंदू लड़की की मौत से होता है
कपिल शर्मा शो का मैं पूर्ण बहिष्कार करती हूं क्योंकि उसका प्रोड्यूसर सलमान खान है मेरे साथ जो इस शो का बहिष्कार करेंगे वो yes लिखे  जिसने सुशांत के घर का दीप बुझाया उसके घर में अंधकार करदो
The Patna Bihar Military Police soldier killed the female constable, then shot himself in the head and committed suicide.
The stone-throwing Kashmiri youth threw stones at the army .... The dog did not wait for the government's order. He did what was right and the situation is to be with the dogs of Delhi now. These jihadi dogs can also be handled by loyal soldiers.
Terrorists' hideout found in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir, large number of weapons recovered
मुल्तान के सुल्तान भारत के महान क्रिकेटर वीरेंदर सेहवाग भाजपा में शामिल
.. से चीन के सैनिकों को आर्मी ने गिरफ्तार किया.    जय हिंद की सेना   
UP के बलरामपुर के मकान में जोरदार विस्फोट, पड़ोसी का घर भी तहस किशोर की मौत, मांबेटी गंभीर
   साल लगे तक आने में... सिर्फ साल लगे में वापस जाने में
Muzaffarpur shelter home case report filed by ED against Brajesh Thakur and others under the Money Laundering Act
Ben Stokes is threatening Sala seems to live in Pakistan like this hut
Seeing the policemen entering the house, Poltu stopped them and started searching. Police officers and constables were stunned by the movement of the small child. The British police officer laughed and laughed and said, "Only a tiger could be born to a tiger."
CBI अब सुशांत केस की हत्या की ऐंगल करेगी जांच, इन बातों से हुआ सुसाइड थ्योरी पर शक
Goa Manohar Parrikar's son said BJP's path has changed after Papa's death
Muslims in Mashallah Sweden created human peace to protect Swedish churches and Jewish synagogues from mob attacks, so Muslim refugees are better than any other refugees. You have ever seen a Christian, Jewish or Hindu, not saving a mosque, because Islam itself Is the only peace loving religion in the world and the world can never remain calm until the whole world embraces Islam
In relation to live national education policy and Prime Minister's conference of governors are addressed through video conference. Watch live
BSNL ने लॉन्च किया नया रुपये का प्लान, मिलेगी दिनों की वैधता
Monsoon session of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly begins today in Shimla
The lion went so far behind the long jump that Indian GDP fell into the abyss.
This video has been in lime light on social media since morning but no response of UP Police came in the incident District Shamli Uttar Pradesh…
आप के whatsapp पे जितने भी नंबर एवं ग्रुप हैं एक भी छूटने नही चाहिए, ये वीडियो सबको भेजिए ये वलसाड के RM VM SCHOOL का टीचर है इसको इतना शेयर करो की ये टीचर और स्कूल दोनों बंद हो जाए ।
PM Modi made false claims in the speech given on April
फ़्रांस की चार्ली हेब्दो ने फिर पैगंबर मोहम्मद का कार्टून छापा  मैग्जीन ने कहा हम नहीं झुकेंगे.. क्या अब पूरा विश्व ईट का जवाब पत्थर से देने को तैयार तो नहीं हो रहा है..
Leaving the tricolor on the occasion of Independence Day yesterday, hoisted the blue flag, police arrived and started waving their baton.
आत्महत्या करने की कगार पर पहुंच गई हूं रोजी रोजगार सब छीन ली गई आर्मी स्टोर चालू की थी जीने के लिए अंध भक्त आर्मी अफसर उसे भी नहीं चलने दे रहे हैं आर एस एस बीजेपी के इशारे पर यह बहुत ही कमीना घटिया किस्म के इंसान गरीब के ऊपर भी पावर इस्तेमाल कर लेती हैं
फर्जी मेडिकल दस्तावेज के मामले में शिकायत दर्ज कराते हुए ने दोनों की भूमिका की जांच की मांग की है।
The rate of recovery of patients in the country has increased, the Ministry of Health has said that about lakhs of people have been cured so far, the number of healthy people is four times more in the last week of August than in the first week of July. Has gone
Former President Pranab Mukherjee passed away after prolonged illness. A wave of mourning in the nation by the loss of an experienced politician. The President, Vice President and Prime Minister condoled his death.
UP: Girlfriend commits suicide in Banda, then lover jumps in front of train
ले लो, ले लो, ओ आओ ख़रीदार, सौदा खरा खरा। मेरे खून में है व्यापार, मैं बेचूँ जो चाहूँ यार, सौदा खरा खरा। नौकरी हो या शिक्षा , अब सौदा खरा खरा। मैं देश नही बिकने दूँगा, सौगंध मुझे इस मिट्टी की मैं मुफ़्त में नही कुछ बेचूँगा ,क्योकि मेरे खून में व्यापार है। 
लाल चौंक श्रीनगर, जहां कभी तिरंगा फहराने के लिए भारतीय जान की बाजी लगाया करते थे, आज गर्व के साथ हिन्दुस्तान की शान का प्रतीक “तिरंगा” लहलहा रहा है । जय हिन्दजय हिन्दजय हिन्द
The woman doctor has made a terrible allegation at PMCH, the biggest hospital in Bihar, that her father was not treated at PMCH, he was killed under conspiracy and some parts were removed from his body. The woman doctor also alleges that organ trafficking is going on in the hospital. Indeed
Sushant's show 'Pavitra Rishta' on TV again, Ankita Lokhande Bolifir once ...
मोटा साला ठुमुक ठुमुक अब ना तो उसको लाज हो बंद करो गलियन में उसको जब नेता जी नालायक हो ंजयसिंहगुंडाहै
स्कूल प्रिसिंपल ने आत्महत्या की कोशिश की, स्कूल बंद होने से झेल रहा आर्थिक संकट, जरूरत पर साहूकारों से लिया था कर्जा, वसूली के लिए प्रताड़ित कर रहे साहूकार, दिन पहले स्कूटी को छीनी, गंभीर हालत में अस्पताल में भर्ती, लिसाड़ीगेट के जाकिर कालोनी का मामला।
This person is Vikas Dubey, who killed eight policemen in Kanpur.
जीवन में कितना खाते हैं यह महत्वपूर्ण नहीं है,क्या खाते हैं यह महत्वपूर्ण है। खाना पौष्टिक होना चाहिए। मेरा आप सभी से आग्रह है कि अपने क्षेत्र या परिवार में प्रचलित पौष्टिक स्थानीय व्यंजन बनाने की विधि पर साझा करें।
ICMR has approved the first indigenously developed COVID19 virus test kit at Rs. Per test as against the current cost of Rs. Per test. According to DRDO, several useful indigenous equipment including ventilators and isolation tubes have been designed.
Sonu Sood to help in Manjhi's journey
Most demanding car neither Maruti Baleno nor Hyundai Creta, people bought this car the most in August. It also left Alto and WagonR behind.
Chief Minister, tomorrow, in the pediatric institute at BRD Medical College, Shayya Kovid Hospital Level 3 hospital will be inaugurated by ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Australia in recession for the first time in three decades
After France blows Rafale, Air Vice Chief Rafale and Sukhoi's alliance will be heavy on enemies
Karan Johar, who made films on the track, wrote a book on children's upbringing, named The Big Thoughts of Little Love
We tell the truth, someone looks like a palette gun
The dreadful form of religious fanatics all over India shoot the slogans, chadha chadis, with the swords drawn on the streets, the death sign for years and towards the activists of other Hindu organizations.
बिहार पूर्व CM जीतन राम मांझी ने बिना किसी शर्त के NDA में शामिल होने का किया ऐलान रिपोर्टः
   मकान पे बुलडोज़र चलने पर इतनी बौखलाहट क्यों, मज़दूरों पर ट्रेनें चल गई थी तब तो मुँह पे ताले लग गए थे,
The one who blacks out the ticket will always be the number one chutiya. The dog does not digest ghee
युद्ध में कैदी बनने पर घोरी को पृथ्वीराज ने और अमरीका में ड्रग के साथ पकडे जाने पर राहुल गाँधी को अटलजी ने छुड़वा कर गलती कर दी थी ये मोटाभाई है गलती करना ही नहीं आता.
Modiji was speaking as a great warrior to the doctor in the Kona era, but a doctor at Garg Hospital in Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh was caught trying to sell kidneys from a corona patient. Humanity is over, tainted Dr.'s profession.
. जी, क्या आप इनके चेहरे की बेबसी को आप पढ़ पा रहे हैं कुछ तो करो सरकार..
यही सबके साथ हुआ है और आगे होना है ।
These Congressmen, the Presidential drama, do this from time to time to test that all the spoons are properly enslaved or not come out on anyone.
Father of BMC report negligence on BMC, no clue even after hours of year-long fall in drain in Mumbai Goregaon
Maharashtra government and administration will not give justice to saints, CBI inquiry is necessary for justice of saints
यह देशवासियों को कोरोना में झोंक कर मारना चाहते थे खुद मरेंगे जैसी करनी वैसी भरनी आज डब्ल्यूएचओ ने पाकिस्तान को विश्व गुरु की तरह दिखा रही है कि कोरोना से कैसे लड़ी जाती है दुनिया को पाकिस्तान से सीखना चाहिए यह मेरी शब्द नहीं डब्ल्यूएचओ की है
The more journalists write for the stomach, the more I write for the country and religion .. This causes many stomach pains but I…
New cases of corona in UP Prayagraj, patients died on Sunday
I completely boycott the Kapil Sharma Show. Because Salman Khan is his producer.
पुलवामा आतंकी हमला भाजपा की साज़िश थी भारतीय जनता पार्टी की करतूत थी। वह अपने दावे को पुख्ता करने के लिए एक ऑडियो क्लिप भी प्रस्तुत करते है जिसमें गृह मंत्री राजनाथ सिंह, बीजेपी प्रमुख अमित शाह और एक अज्ञात महिला के बीच कथित बातचीत रिकॉर्ड की गई है। कश्मीर के पुलवामा में सीआरपीएफ के जवानों के काफ़िले पर हुए हालिया हमले के पीछे एक खतरनाक साज़िश है।
I have not seen a dog like you.
The police revealed the gang who had stolen the battery, recovered the stolen batteries, arrested the accused including the gang leader, the pistol and the car were recovered by the police, the police action of the police station.
A video is going viral in which he is seen talking about his father's learning.
People of Bihar should be careful, understand that man is not getting treatment, humans are dying side by side, they are talking about the treatment of the animal. Is a lie that no one has entered India
Bike-ridden youths molest the young woman, sabotaged youths sabotage the vehicle, were going to leave the female colleague of the bank, the SSP STF in the name of a bike belonging to the victims.
आरा JDU नेता ने यूनिवर्सिटी में घुसकर की प्रोफेसर की पिटाई, जानें क्या है पूरा मामला
Modi ji considers public sector as his property Money government but trustee out of BJP amp government audit. Is there any help for Kovid's patients?
Riya Chakraborty reached NCB office
अगर आपसे हो गई है ये बड़ी गलती, तो इस आसान तरीके से आपको वापस मिल जाएगी अपनी रकम
In the evening, auto drivers joined the Aam Aadmi Party under the leadership of Bhopal District Vice President in the state office. . . .
Former AAP leader and senior journalist Asutosh is attacking whom. Today, the Aam Aadmi Party stands at a place where we can proudly say that if there is one party within India that has traveled to Pakistan, which is If you leave the dog on the wives, then it is a common man party. The video shows AAP leader Ashutosh lashing out at the party.
Join hands with and earn Rs 70000 in just hours
Tejapratap Yadav wants to contest from Hasanpur seat leaving Mahua seat
Prime Minister Bharatiya Jan Aushadhi Kendras sold a total of Rs crore in the first quarter of 21 with a better business performance in spite of a difficult time of Ovid lockdown as against Rs 20 crore in the same period of 20 details
कंगना रनौत को मिली वाई श्रेणी की सुरक्षा, अभिनेत्री बोलीं अब किसी देशभक्त आवाज को कोई फासीवादी नहीं कुचल सकेगा
Viral terrorists caught video of mock drill of Mumbai supermarket on social media. Along with that, two guns have also been seized.
Gold becomes cheaper today, golden opportunity to buy, know the latest price via
Aaj Tak has information about which projects will be worked on for the development of the temple complex.
Ria gets involved in Oster testimony, Ria breaks down in NCB inquiry
अव्वल दर्जे का बैंगन ही ये शक़्स। आखिर कौन ऐसे ज़लील होता है भाई
एक नचनिया के अवैध निर्माण पर कार्रवाई से बीजेपी, दलाल मिडिया, संघियो,में भगदड़ मच गई सोचो अडानी और अंबानी बेचीं गई सम्पति की जांच हो जाये तो क्या हाल होगा।
The murderer was running away after killing the young man, killing him in the presence of the police, beating the mob to death
Kishor died in a police car, policemen ran away in a collision, the teenager fell far away from the collision, the people rushed the teenager to the hospital, UP G number collided with the car, collided on the bypass road of Ramgarh.
तूम जैसे गुलामो से निष्पक्ष पत्रकारिता की उम्मीद भी नही हमे, तूम जैसे गुलाम पत्तलकार गोदी दरबार मे ऐसे खडे होते है जैसे मटन शॉप के बाहर खडे कुत्ते...
The Deputy Commissioner of Fatehabad, Dr. Narhari Singh Bangar, told that in the wake of the Kovid 19 epidemic, groups would have to get prior permission from the concerned SDM before submitting any demonstration or demonstration and the organizer would have to submit the undertaking in writing in respect of SOP compliance.
ABPGanga exposes big scam in purchase of Kovid 19 testing kit
Today is a big day in Bihar politics, Chirag Paswan can open his cards
Muslims are in the Detention Center in Assam. May Allah protect everyone, Amin or God.
Whose eyes did Syed look at, my life, or no one would be happier than me, call me, I want to come too, no one will live alone
Gaurav Arya ran away from the questions of Republic India See India asks Arnab with LIVE on Republic India
से शुरू होने वाले नंबर का फोन उठाने पर लोगों के साथ बैंक फ्रॉड हो जाएगा। फोन उठाते ही बैंक अकाउंट खाली हो सकता है।
War wants China to tweet their opinion on Indo-China tension on ZEE NEWS's global digital campaign
Murphyia is injected to the afflicted patient in the hospital hospitals, saying that Lord God fix it. Since the pain of Marfia ends, the patient considers himself healthy. He considers ignorant fanatics that Lord Isu cured him.
The nomination was filed by Shri Jai Prakash Nishad, a senior member from Uttar Pradesh for membership of the Upper House of Parliament, Rajya Sabha today. The hard work and popularity of Shri Jai Prakash ji makes him the best candidate. My best wishes to Shri Nishad Ji for victory in elections
Police suspect that the cab driver may have died after being injured during a ride-by attack.
The first case of Corona came in China, now the vaccine introduced in China
The Bhosari himself makes the puncture and speaks to others, the father of the puncher
आगरा में घंटे में भर्ती हुए कोरोना मरीजों की मृत्यु हो गई। यूपी सरकार के लिए कितनी शर्म की बात है कि इसी मॉडल का झूठा प्रचार करके सच दबाने की कोशिश की गई। सरकार की नो टेस्टनो कोरोना पॉलिसी पर सवाल उठे थे लेकिन सरकार ने उसका कोई जवाब नहीं दिया..12
प्रदेश को उन्नति के पथ पर अग्रसर करने हेतु आत्मनिर्भर उत्तर प्रदेश रोजगार कार्यक्रम के अंतर्गत करोड़ लोगों को रोजगार से जोड़ा गया।
ने जीते के सभी लीग मैच, जमैका, सेंट लूसिया और गयाना भी सेमीफाइनल में
Why are the police discriminated against by some people being discriminated against. So some of the Y class Su .......
शायद पहली बार लाल चौंक श्रीनगर में इस मीनार पे तिरँगा दिख रहा है,पहले तो वहाँ कुछ और ही दिखता था लोगों ने इसी लिये तो कमल का बटन दबाया था आप को ्वतंत्रतादिवसकीशुभकामनाएं जय हिंद जय भारत 
Thousands of factory owners in Delhi will get interest rates rebate, AAP government announced
Rich in extraordinary prudence, Bharat Ratna Shri Mukherjee had a unique fusion of tradition and modernity in his personality. In his illustrious public life of the decade, he always remained connected with the land, while holding many high positions. He was popular in the political field due to his gentle and sociable nature.
Sarfaraz Ahmed was part of the Pakistan team throughout the England tour, but did not get a chance in the playing eleven
ाजस्थान ोक ोत की रैली मैं ाकिस्तान के ंडे  और दो सालो कांग्रेस को वोट ....... ईस हरे झंडे वाले को पहचानने कि. कोशिश करो कोन है मुझे पिछे से थोडा़ चेहरा दिखाई दिया लेकिन आप सायद पुरा पहचान सकते हो इस्लामिक नारेबाजी के बीच इस हरे झंडे फहराने वाले को पहचानने की कोशिश करो कौन है मुझे पीछे से थोडा़ चेहरा दिखाई दिया लेकिन आप शायद आप सही पहचान सकते हो।
Reliance Jio's four years of unprecedented, times cheaper data, and what changed via
कुछ बच्चों ने मस्ती करने के गरज़ से अपने पिता को प्लास्टिक की कुर्सी पर बैठाया और गुब्बारों की मदद से हवा में उड़ा दिया । पोस्ट आगे यह कहता है कि वह व्यक्ति उड़ता हुआ ओमान की सरहद पार कर गया। व्यक्ति को सीमा सुरक्षा बलों द्वारा देखा गया। बाद में उसे घायलावस्था में पहाड़ियों के बीच पाया गया।
On the birth day of Amar Shaheed Rajguru, the valiant son of Mother India, he was awarded a ceremony.
पटना के बाद मुजफ्फरपुर में डीआरडीओ द्वारा संचालित बेड का ोविड19 अस्पताल यथाशीघ्र शुरू होगा। कोरोना संक्रमित मरीजों को निशुल्क इलाज की सुविधा उपलब्ध होगी।
Ayazeeqin strikes India, intrigues China
Cyclonic storms caused widespread damage to buildings in South Korea today
Azam Khan did not allow one time Yogi ji's helicopter to land, today the whole family has remained a helicopter.
प्रधानमंत्री, ने पोषण जागरूकता को जन आंदोलन बनाने में पोषण माह के महत्व पर प्रकाश डाला विवरण 
छत्तीसगढ़ निवासी महिला ने पुलिस को बुलाकर काटा हंगामा, ॉकडाउन में फंसी महिला का हंगामा, PM से मिलने के लिए अडी पुलिस ,महिला ने हंगामा कर इकठ्ठा की भीड़, महिला की सुनने को तैयार नहीं पुलिस।
Some people are born crazy. Write down whatever came to mind. Do not think that anyone's feelings will be hurt. As such, insulting the deities of Hindus has become something of a fashion. Because Hindus take everything lightly. That's why they have so much courage.
The corona epidemic is affecting people's minds, how to keep it away
Two prisoners have escaped from the district prison at Pursari near Nandprayag on Badrinath National Highway.
How can anyone give this idea to Modi ji, that there is only one solution to the problems of students, the concerned Patra should be made the Education Minister of India.
Ayodhya ready for August, the whole city of Ayodhya is decorated with saffron colors Say loud Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram
During the time of Hitler, citizens were being searched, as soon as Hitler died, all those who knew Hitler's time were chosen and they were selected and I am not threatening to explain this to you.
वर्षा ऋतु में डेंगूचिकनगुनिया जैसी बीमारियों से बचाव हेतु घर के अंदर और बाहर पानी जमा न होने दें और सोते समय मच्छरदानी का इस्तेमाल करें।
Also, the entire campaign of cleanliness and sanitization will run on Sunday, ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Narcotics Control Bureau arrested, Ovi Chakraborty and Samuel Muliranda will be produced in court tomorrow, NCB will also interrogate Diochakravarti. Sushant Singh Rajput
भारत की GDP सबसे ज्यादा गिरी, एकमात्र चीन में पॉजिटिव ग्रोथ, पढ़ें पूरी रिपोर्ट via
US President Elect Joe Biden called Donald Trump a poisonous leader who instigated violence
लॉकडाउन के बीच रात में इस तरह से तमिलनाडु में नमाज चल रही है
पराक्रमी प्रहार से टूटा चीन का अहंकार  भारतचीन पर हर बड़ी खबर पर लगातार
  बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें ोरोना पर वार। ोरोनावायरस से डरें नहीं बल्कि पूरी सावधानी के साथ इसका मुकाबला करें।
There has been a clash between the police and the villagers in Ballia. Total people including policemen and two journalists were injured in the clash ...
करणी सेना ने कंगना रनौत के समर्थन का ऐलान किया है
क्या सूंसात राजपूत के साथ साथ इन देश के बेटो की हत्या की जांच नही होनी चाहिए ये जान भी देश और किसी मांता पिताओ की संतान थे किसी के भाई किसी के पति और पिता थे एक वर्ष से उपर हो गया पुलगावा हत्याकांड हुये नहीं कोई जांच हुई है नहीं कोई आतंकवादी पकडा गया है नहीं किसी को फाँसी हुई
Priyanka appeals to stay in government bungalow for a few more days, PM Modi allows Priyanka Gandhi learn what generosity is to Modi ji. Look at the face of the house.
Data collection work started for running Delhi-Varanasi bullet train
Tecno's Camon series will be launched on September, specification information received
लोगों का पता नहीं पर तुम साले किसानों पर चुप हो
There was no Nehru before Nehru or it happened later ... But how do women of Nehru dynasty give birth to Gandhi. NASA and ISRO are also upset.
आरक्षण से राम नाथ कोविंद जी राष्ट्रपति बने हैं न कि मंदिर से । अपने संबोधन में राम मंदिर निर्माण उपलब्धि गिनाई लेकिन आरक्षण खत्म हो रहा है, एक शब्द नही बोले ।
Right now a big news is coming, Chinese army once again tried to infiltrate the LAC Chumar sector, in retaliation, the Indian army has driven all the Chinese from there. Bharat Mata ki Jai after sending it back
Kejriwal benefits from the decision of Delhi LG. He will tell the public that he is the only one who fights for Delhi. BJP kept on beating the cheeks.
Sir did not bow down, he gave courage only in front of a blood lover
CBI should be investigated for this gross negligence, it is amazing that due to pain in the hands and feet, Corona has been made a patient even when no report of corona has come, a murder case should be filed, only then no satisfactory answer for four days. Were not giving, the human organ becomes a case of trafficking.
Neha Kakkar becomes college topper, named after Sunny Leone in the merit list
Indian market of Corona Hiraj, also in recession
इस दिन से बंद हो जाएगा एकता कपूर का यह चर्चित धारावाहिक, बड़े कलाकारों का शो छोड़ना बना कारण
NCB के सामने रिया का कबूलनामा
आंध्र प्रदेश में महिला ने कथित तौर पर अपनी महीने की बच्ची के साथ सुसाइड कर लिया. अपार्टमेंट की वीं मंजिल से कूदकर. वो हैदराबाद में रहती थीं. सॉफ्टवेयर इंजीनियर थीं. लॉकडाउन के दौरान वह अपने ससुराल गुंटूर में रह रही थीं. पुलिस ने केस दर्ज कर लिया है.
The picture claims that coronaviruses will have no effect on Rajputs and Brahmins.
आमिर खान ने किलो आटा पैकेट के अंदर हजार रुपए दिए। जिन लोगों ने आटे का पैकेट लिया, उन्हें पैकेट खोलने के बाद यह सरप्राइज मिला।
पहले मुझे लोगो की बातो पर यकीन नहीं होता था कि ये साला ब्लैक में टिकट बेचता होगा लेकिन आज इसकी हरकत और गुंडागर्दी देखकर तो लगता है कि ये केवल टिकट ही नहीं बहुत कुछ ब्लैक करता होगा।
BJP people will not be able to save it because the whole of Maharashtra has been told by Pakistan, Maharashtra is known for self-respect, it is fine against the government.
Do you know these interesting things about Nose Smell
युवा संगठन AIDYO के राज्य सचिव प्रमोद नामदेव सहित, कई नौजवान और कई सामाजिक संगठन जो बेरोजगारी के खिलाफ प्रदर्शन कर रहे थे। उन्हें गिरफ्तार किया गया है उनके ऊपर लाठीचार्ज किया गया है
कंगना रनौत को मिली Y कैटिगरी की सुरक्षा, कहा भारत की एक बेटी के आत्मसम्मान की लाज रखी
One person arrested in Meerut on charges of forgery in the name of Shri Ram Janbhumi Trust
ने राम मनोहर लोहिया अस्पताल के डॉक्टर डॉ. तरुण कुमार, प्रियंका सिंह और अन्य के खिलाफ मुंबई पुलिस में दर्ज कराई शिकायत
The one who is the most guilty, discriminating among his citizens by seeing religion. If the scapegoat is a mullah, then give him money and other goods, by blocking the streets of Delhi at the time of election and distributing tax money to the people of Delhi by fixing the rate. Do a seditious job like Shaheen Bagh for
कल से पहले चरण का प्रशिक्षण भी दिया जाएगा तथा दूसरे चरण का प्रशिक्षण सिंतम्बर से कराया जाएगा ACS, चिकित्सा एवं स्वास्थ्य, श्री अमित मोहन प्रसाद जी
Poverty will strike, this dream will come true. In the Congress government, there will be strong poor families.
The people of Tabligi Jamaat have created obscenity and terror…. The name of Saram crossed all limits. Played orgy. The video viral administration is upset with these people
गेम की लत इतनी खतरनाक होगी, ये किसी ने सोचा भी नहीं होगा
रेलवे की सात फैक्ट्रियों को बेचने की तैयारी पूरी हो चुकी है। इन फैक्ट्रियों में काम करने वाले सरकारी कर्मचारियों को नौकरी से निकाल दिया जाएगा। इन कर्मचारियों की जगह कॉन्ट्रेक्ट लेबर्स को नौकरी पर रखा जाएगा।
एक बेटी पैदा हुई जिसे पिता अपना न सका  बच्ची के पैदा होने के बाद, माँ को अपने पिता के घर बच्ची के साथ भेज दिया गया  वे कुछ सालों बाद वापिस लौटे  इसके बाद बच्ची पर पिता द्वारा प्रताड़न का सिलसिला शुरू हो गया  यह घटना मध्य प्रदेश में रिकॉर्ड की गयी  यहां तक ​​कि मैं इस वीडियो के बारे मे नही जानता और न ही भाषा जानता। जहां भी ऐसी क्रूर घटना हुई,क्या वहां के लोगो का कर्तव्य केवल इस वीडियो को बनाना है मानव समाज के सभी वर्गों को इसकी निंदा करनी चाहिए और समाज को ये भी देखना चाहिए ऐसे क्रूर लोगों पर पुलिस क्या कार्यवाही कर रही है
इसी हरामि के इशारे पर मेरे पति को सेना से निकाली गई और पेंशन रोक दी गई सेना से कोई भी वेलफेयर मुझे नहीं लेने दे रही है ईसीएचएस पैसा जमा कर ली इलाज नहीं कर रही है आर्मी हॉस्पिटल इलाज नहीं करती ना मुझे ना मेरे बच्चे को इसने जुल्म की हर सीमा पार करी है
Sushant Singh Rajput case: Riya Chakraborty is trapped, may be arrested due to these reasons
Additional Deputy Commissioner of Kurukshetra, Veena Hooda said that the citizens of the district will be made aware to wear masks and follow social distancing to protect against Kovid 19.
दो साल तक बढ़ सकता है लोन पर मोरेटोरियम, सरकार ने सुप्रीम कोर्ट में दिया हलफनामा
प्रधानमंत्री ने ‘ओणम’ के पावन अवसर पर लोगों को शुभकामनाएं दीं
सितंबर से सभी तरह के धार्मिक कार्यक्रम और राजनीतिक रैलियों की इजाज़त दी गई है इस शर्त के साथ कि से ज़्यादा लोग इकट्ठे नहीं होंगे
Mount Kailash is not only the crown of Hindusthan but also the origin of creation, the main pilgrimage of Sanatan Dharma and the center of rise of human civilizations which is under the occupation of unrighteous China due to a bastard. Mount Kailash and liberate Mansarovar.
Here is Air Commodore Hilal Ahmed Rather. Which are originally from Kashmir. They are flying the first Rafale fighter aircraft coming to India. Hilal, a resident of Anantnag district of South Kashmir, has studied at Sainik School. He joined the Indian Air Force. Hilal has earlier flown MiG 21, Mirage and Kiran aircraft. He has received the Vayu Army Medal. Has also received the Distinguished Service Medal in
Video of recovery of medical staff in Prayagraj Corona Hospital surfaced, created chaos
Did you dislike and report the trailer of Khan Gang's film Pathan
Can mobile also pose a risk of corona
The walking bastard got out of the tare mouth
सहारनपुरमुजफ्फरनगर स्टेट हाईवे पर दिन निकलते ही बड़ा दर्दनाक हादसा, एक ही परिवार के एक व्यक्ति की मौके पर ही हुई मौत पत्नी व पिता सहित लोग गम्भीर घायल, देवबन्द उपकारागार के पास का मामला.
Why do you have to be careful with the duplicity of China, telling us Harsh Kakkar
Initiative towards realizing the vision of malnutrition free India.
The peacock dances a lot, the watchman is a thief, the chest is inch, the country has to be sold and live…
Anupam Kher said that Nepal sent brave people to the Indian Army, but today we are putting it in crisis, it is a shame
हा जी बिल्कुल सही बात बोली है आप ने ये सब कांग्रेस के सूअर कांग्रेस के कुत्ते किसानों को गुमराह है कर रहे है कोई कांग्रेस को पूछे की सालों मे क्या किया है किसानों के लिए. किसी कांग्रेस के कुत्ते के पास जवाब नहीं होगा साले गद्दार है कांग्रेस वाले. जय हिंद जय भारत
बिहार डिप्टी सीएम सुशील मोदी ने CBI से लालू यादव पर स्वतः संज्ञान लेने की अपील की की रिपोर्ट
 पूर्व CJI रंजन गोगोई को कोरोना, रंजन गोगोई की रिपोर्ट कोरोना पॉजिटिव आई।
The tragic incident was burnt to ashes by Muslim elements in West Bengal, the incident took place in Telangipara district of West Bengal on Tuesday morning, how long India will keep burning because of Hindu Muslim hatred
Bill Gates is putting a chip on people's bodies with the Corona test, so that people can be monitored.
चमचे कहते है कि पाकिस्तान से हिन्दुओ को इसलिए बुलाया जा रहा है ताकि बाद मे मोदी पाकिस्तान पर परमाणु बम गिरा दे, आईडीया अच्छा है..
The public is upset due to the Corona epidemic. . With the aim of saving the lives of more and more people, the decision to run oxygen screening campaign across the country is commendable and necessary step for humanity.
The Chinese company, Luppo, has released a cake, with a tablet hidden inside it, causing children to become paralyzed. Please share this message in all groups.
Prime Minister Modi gave this message about the new national education policy
On reservation in PG admission of government doctors, SC said MCI is not empowered to make rules for reservation in PG admission of doctors doing jobs. But the state has the right to give reservation in PG to doctors working in villages and remote areas, the state will fill the work bond for this.
Watch live till school, college closed by september
BJP congress again face to face on China
माननीय वाजपयी जी की भतीजी ने आखिरकार तोड़ी चुप्पी  जानिए क्या कहा।
Hindus .. Your sister daughters are working very hard in the gym and Afzal is working very hard to teach them .. Must see the story ahead in Savdhaan India, your head will be proud.
In other fake messages, it was said that in the morning a policeman came and kicked the mosque door repeatedly. Due to this, anger was spread among the residents.
सुशांत केस की मुख्य आरोपी रिया चक्रवर्ती पर फैंस का गुस्सा सोशल मीडिया पर खूब फूट रहा है
Police department should also be privatized as pizza arrives in half an hour upon ordering and police after two hours on killing
Hey Jaichand's picket grandson, brother-in-law, wire the dignity of the Parliament and do not throw you out by taking the martial, you were in the Parliament, so come out and show the show, the Maoists will be broken.
प्रोटेस्ट CAA के विरुद्ध है लेकिन ड्रेस कोड हिजाब और बुरका है पितृसत्ता और मनुवाद से आजादी हिजाब और बुरका पहनकर मिलेगी। सीधे शब्दों में, यह देश भर में आंदोलन नहीं हो रहा, बल्कि शक्ति प्रदर्शन है और देश के हिंदुओं के धैर्य की परीक्षा ली जा रही है
In August this year, it was more rainy than usual, highest in the year
के कराची शहर समेत इस वक्त देश के कई हिस्सों को भयंकर बाढ़ का सामना करना पड़ रहा है.
I would like all Governors to have a theme-based virtual conference in their states to implement the new education policy. After extensive consultation on various aspects of education policy, you can send your suggestions to the Union Ministry of Education so that they can be used nationwide.
Identify mental health problems Be sensitive to neighborhood people and loved ones and identify signs of their mental health problems, such as changes in sleep patterns, difficulty sleeping and focusing
A mosque always remains a mosque at the time of construction of the Ram temple, the mosque remains as the Muslim Personal Law Board and Owaisi are all demolished. And the temple is always the temple.
Electricity bills have not increased since last year. Electricity bill increases only once a year.
The entire Swedes are burning on the burning of a book that has been burning for millions of months in our Nalanda University
GDP में ऐतिहासिक गिरावट के बाद लोग मांगने लगे वित्त मंत्री निर्मला सीतारमण का इस्तीफा via
कभी मनमोहन के डिप्टी, कभी मनमोहन के सर...ऐसा था प्रणब मुखर्जी का पॉलिटिकल करियर 
Holi which is a big festival in the festivals of India, which is going to come in a few days, in our country, all the colors of Gulal and Mask Week, and many other items come from China, using polyester Kosi, which you buy thinking cheap and uninteresting. It is important to inform you that in this Kosi comes from the Chinese city of Hunei, where the corona virus started to wreak havoc. You appeal to all of you not to use the goods coming from China.
IPL में हजार टेस्ट, खर्च करेगा करीब करोड़ रुपये
The crowd always walks on the path which seems easy, but this does not mean that the crowd always walks on the right path, choose your path yourself because no one knows you better than you, good morning,
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei accuses UAE of betraying the Muslim world
इन झूठे लोगों ने पहले से ही सोच लिया था कि सुशांत के मर्डर को सुसाइड बता दो  जन की बात के संस्थापक प्रदीप भंडारी ने राजनीतिक विश्लेषक विक्रम सिंह यादव से कहा देखिए पूछता है भारत अर्नब के साथ रिपब्लिक भारत पर LIVE 
The next breaking will be from Dawood Shavasena, Sanjay Raut.
As long as Nepal was there. Or Pakistan is still there. One step ahead of that as Afghanistan has become now since the Taliban have arrived. Instant justice on the spot. Until these crowds never get justice in the market with their children.
हार्टब्रेकिंग एक चौंकाने वाली घटना में, यूपी में मां बच्चों को नदी में फेंक देती है। उसने कहा कि, उसके पास बच्चों के लिए कोई भोजन नहीं था और वह दिहाड़ी मजदूर है और लॉकडाउन के चलते उसका कामकाज बंद हो गया।
इस महीने निपटाना है बैंक का कोई भी काम, तो पहले देख लें छुट्टियों की ये सूची
If you press the cancel button twice at the automated teller machine ATM, it can prevent anyone from stealing your PIN number. This is a consultation with the Reserve Bank of India RBI.
Modi government created BJP office for his benefit but Nadda ji told that how many hospitals did you build in years so that people can be served?
Those who travel from India should note that these rules must be followed by ABPGanga
Mother-in-law's son-in-law's buffalo's leeruva is dead, it's good that if you stand in front of black, then buffalo will understand your leeruva and give milk comfortably
रेल और वाणिज्य एवं उद्योग मंत्री ने भारतीय समर्पित माल गलियारा निगम लिमिटेड डीएफसीसीआईएल की प्रगति की समीक्षा के लिए राज्यों के वरिष्ठ अधिकारियों के साथ बैठक की विवरण
एक अंतरराष्ट्रीय क्लिनिकल ट्रायल में पता चला है कि सस्ते और आसानी से उपलब्ध स्टेरॉयड की दवाएं कोरोना के गंभीर मरीजों की जान बचाने में मदद करती हैं
Not a single jihadi of Bollywood raised voice for justice of Sushant Singh Rajput, and these foolish people get out of rupees pocket and go to see his film.
Good news for economy, manufacturing activity increased in August, demand also improves
मार्निंग न्यूज़ ब्रीफ अयोध्या में आज पास हो जाएगा भव्य श्रीराम मंदिर का नक्शा, दिल्ली में सरकार बताएगी कि अनलॉक4 में कैसे चलेगी मेट्रो
If someone had not been Pakistan, would we have been a patriot? If we had been a patriot, today it would not have been Pakistan.
Bihar Deputy CM Sushil Modi attacked two targets with one stone, attacked LJP on the pretext of RJD
You came to know about this today, I am writing on Facebook, Kejriwal could not recognize the illegitimate children of BJP and Sangh, Delhi, I am telling this for years, Prashant Bhushan is still lying, Prashant Bhushan knew everything once I read his horoscope I met Kejriwal
वीडियो दर्शाता है शाहीन बाग़ में महिलाओं को प्रदर्शन के लिए पैसे दिए गए
Uttarakhand: These former professors have awakened awareness even at the age of years, now support social media
I do not have a name, so it is being raised from home, if your protest is stopped today, tomorrow your situation will be the same.
The Air India Express plane crash in Kozhikode, Kerala is very sad. Pray to God to give the departed souls a place in their shrines and give the bereaved family the power to bear this immense grief. Wish the injured get well as soon as possible.
The brains of the traitors of the country are completely rotten. Instead of abusing them, instead of spoiling your mood, directly hit the block. Worse than a dog's tail is never improving.
Delhi Metro is so empty September i.e. from today, metro services have started in many cities including Delhi. There was such a rush in Delhi Metro in the early hours. When will the metro run on which route, what are the rules full story
उपायुक्त ने कहा कि अनलॉक4 शुरू हो गया है। अनलॉक का उद्ेदश्य आर्थिक गतिविधियों का संचालन कर आमजन को सुविधाएं उपलब्ध करवाना है। आमजन अनलॉक में कोरोना वैश्विक महामारी के प्रति गंभीरता न भूलें और अनलॉक में भी लॉकडाउन की भांति कोविड19 बचाव संबंधी नियमों व हिदायतों की अनुपालना करें।
Relief news for students appearing in JEE and NEET entrance exam
Prime Minister, addressed the inaugural session of the Conference of Governors on National Education Policy
Yes brother, we are not as crazy as the Pakistanis, they give thoughtful punishment
चीन पर क्या अनाज की कमी से बड़ा ख़तरा मंडरा रहा है
Preparations have been made for unlock, metro will now run on track, school colleges will remain closed.
मुझे तो लगता है कि उद्धव ठाकरे और संजय राउत शिव सेना के क्रिया कर्म का सब्जी पूड़ी बंटवा कर ही मानेगा
Under the process of bringing back the trapped Indian nationals
These Chinese companies occupy India
Threats of miscreants forced the family to flee, son was murdered months ago, the first of the accused has been sent to jail, the family escaped due to the threat of the accused, police is not taking action on the complaint, the case of Jaitpur police station .
Guidelines to avoid infection for food delivery individuals
कर्नाटक संकट विधानसभा अध्यक्ष से मिले कांग्रेस और जेडीएस के बागी विधायक, सुरक्षा के कड़े बंदोबस्त
Brother-in-law Gyan Baba should go to jail and his support is also lacking due to taking drugs
BJP, Shiv Sena, RSS prevented Muslim voters from voting. Members of Bharatiya Janata Party, Shiv Sena and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh are not allowing Muslims to vote. BJP, Shiv Sena, RSS prevent Muslim voters from voting
The Gandhi family proved by treating them abroad that not a single HOSPITAL was built in this country.
Death of a rogue who came to steal in the company of Greater Noida, the guard present in the company fired a bullet to stop the thief, the bullet in the hand and leg of the crook, died in the hospital, the company reached the spot on the information of the Ecotech Third Station police.
Corona's condition around the world
The restaurant owner, the son was beaten up by the case, CCTV was imprisoned, the arrest was not made even after a day, the brother of the BJP leader is accused, the local police is not taking action, the case of Fatehgarh Kotwali area.
Competing students from Prayagraj were secured and transported by buses to their destination, the opponents know how to do the evils of Yogi ji. Also mention all the goodness.
मैंने आपके ट्वीट पर टिप्पणियां कि आपके अंदर गुस्सा जरूर आई होगी सुनकर सुशांत सिंह गंजरी ड्रग्स लेने वाला बिहार के बेटा के नाम पर वोट नहीं मिलेगा बिहार से जुड़ी मुद्दा जितना आप उठाएंगे बिहार के लोग उतना ही आपसे जुड़ेंगे
Teachers were forced to wage tears in their eyes
It is not yet known whether it is a corona, whether it is a virus or what is the source of the biological attack by China, that is how much the country had gone behind in these years, it is being estimated today that all the ribbons are still The cut was the work done by the previous government
The upper part has been made Shivling in Ayodhya by breaking the pillar of Emperor Ashoka. Guess who is the biggest terrorist in the world than Eurasian
ICMR of lakhs of samples tested in the last hour
दंगा पीड़ितों की मदद हेतु मुस्लिम
It is the Rafale fighter aircraft, which is part of the deal between India and France. The minute-second video shows the aircraft performing all kinds of stunts in the air, especially at the end where it is shown standing upright on the track.
This is today's picture, children of JEE are seen, they can understand that the students are scared that they may not get corona and yes they will not be afraid.
चारु सिन्हा श्रीनगर को हेड करने वाली पहली महिला IG बनी हैं. बैच की IPS ऑफिसर हैं. तेलंगाना कैडर की. इससे पहले वो जम्मू और बिहार CRPF में IG इंस्पेक्टर जनरल के पद पर काम कर चुकी हैं.
Please, for information and necessary action.
Ignore the hateful cunts because you cannot abuse and start with the same when you lose by reasoning…
On this day, a stigma was born in India that ruined the whole of India, as many government institutions sold their friends and pushed the country back years
छोटी गुरू किन्नर की हत्या की सुपारी का मामला, पुलिस ने योजना बनाने वाले साजिशकर्ताओं को किया गिरफ्तार, तमंचे कारतूस,11 देशी बम पुलिस ने किए बरामद, लाख में सुपारी लेकर बना रहे थे योजना, मुकदमा दर्ज कर आरोपियों को जेल भेजने की तैयारी।
Has awarded the longest road projects in FY21 as compared to this period of last three years. During August, projects for kilometers were given at a cost of Rs.
भारत ने कहा, चीन ने एलएसी पर फिर की उकसाने वाली कार्रवाई
The Indian army foiled the attempt to infiltrate the Chinese troops in Chumar of Ladakh. The armored vehicles of the Chinese army were coming into the Indian border.
Slow start of stock market today, know where you will get the opportunity to earn
ये अवैध मानव अंग तस्करी का धंधा है। जो कोरोना के नाम पर जोरो से चला है। अभी भी चल रहा है। सरकार इसपर मोन है।
Watch this video of Sushant Singh Rajput as well. The fun of mother-in-law. Family's love dances with Mallika Singh, daughter of Sushant's eldest sister Rani
कोरोना के एसिंप्टोमेटिक और सिंप्टोमेटिक मरीजों के लक्षणों में क्या अंतर है    
जी20 देशों ने सबके लिए सुरक्षा और लगातार शिक्षा की उपलब्धता बढाने रखने की प्रतिबद्धता दोहराई है। जी20 देशों के शिक्षा मंत्रियों की वर्चुअल बैठक में तीन चिन्हित क्षेत्रों में सदस्य देशों के अनुभवों पर विचारविमर्श किया गया।
कोरोना काल में शेयर बाजारों में बढ़ी महिलाओं की भागीदारी, ज्यादातर फर्स्ट टाइम इन्वेस्टर via
चवन्नी छाप पैड ट्रोलर मेरे हेंडल की रीपोर्टिंग कर रहे,बे झण्डूओ कुछ उखाड़ न पाओगे,तुम जलन बरकार रखो हम अपना जलवा बरकरार रखेंगे, तुम्हारे जैसे कई आये और दो पैरों के नीचे से निकल लिए...
जब महेंद्र सिंह धोनी गए थे तब कॉन्फ्रेंस रूम था , अभी इंची गए तो जनरल वार्ड हो गया । जिस में कुछ दिन पहले धोनी को डिनर कराया गया था उसी रूम को अस्पताल का रूप देकर प्रधानमंत्री दौरा करने पहुंच गये, अस्पताल में न कोई ग्लूकोज़ की बोतल का स्टैंड है, न दवाई रखने वाली टेबल।
Which big cannon of peacock dance, Modi ji, our mistress herself used to dance but we never boasted
In Ambala, people have to stay in line for months to add a phone number to Aadhaar. Illegal recovery is also being done in the name of Aadhaar. It keeps people in line from 00 am, opens office at 00 pm in the name of tokens. Harams have kept the country
Cinema halls are going to open from October 1 across the country.
The names of freedom fighters are inscribed on India Gate. Among them are the names of Muslims.
Right now there is no GG, so let it be, the government of the traitor is selling government property to BSNL, this time BSNL did not get G, then prepare for a massive mass movement in the country.
देश के किसान का तो पता नही पर भोी के तेरे पिछवाड़े में जरूर मिर्ची लगी है।।।।।मोदी कैसा भी निर्णय ले,,,जनता आंख मीच कर उसके साथ है,,,,,,ओर ऐसा नेता बनने के लिए तुझे हज़ारों जन्म लेने पड़ेंगे ओर उसके बाद भी कोई गारंटी नही है।।।इस हराम खोर कुते को गली में दौड़ा के मारो साले को।।
These hawkers licking the soles of Jhuthalar also have an equal stake in sinking the economy of the country, Jhuthalar was already a vicious dacoit, along with these dogs got it, Timberbanked, anti-terrorist, government, timber, Indian-bound, anti-military, government
Had dreamed of saving people's lives, but if our lives are not saved then how can we save the lives of others.
Breking News: Eunuch boys are becoming troubled by unemployment, while the same boys were wandering in the election as watchmen.
सेकंड की क्लिप में राइफलों से लैस दो पुलिस कर्मियों ने प्रदर्शनकारियों को लक्षित करते हुए दिखाया गया है। ये प्रदर्शनकारी हमारी मांगे पूरी करो का नारा लगा रहे हैं। पुलिसकर्मियों द्वारा दो गोली चलाई गई जिसके बाद दो प्रदर्शनकारी जमीन पर गिर गए। सुरक्षाकर्मी तब एक स्ट्रेचर के साथ घटनास्थल पर पहुंचे और घायल प्रदर्शनकारियों को दूर ले जाते दिखाई दिए।
See, this Amma is a registered misery of the Congress. Messing with the sentiments of people by giving money, only Congress can do this
PLA's action in Pengong Tso again proves China's dual character
Now tell me, why don't you get lost in the rough bitch Italian booty Chakla.
ये क्या भाई कूतिया का भी हालाला कर दिया कांग्रेस के नेता ने 
यह कश्मीर या केरल नहीं है।इस्लाम जिंदाबाद का यह जाप राजधानी कोलकाता में, ममता बनर्जी द्वारा शासित पश्चिम बंगाल में किया जा रहा है भांड़ूया हिंदू समाज इसे बड़वा दे रही 
What did Kamala Harris say about Trump when the Kovid vaccine arrived before the US election
लॉकडाउन के बीच दीपिका पादुकोण शराब खरीदने पहुंचीं
Breaking news ends with coronovirus.
It is being recommended to make it compatible with the modern era by mentioning the errors in the sky book through articles in Saudi Arabian websites. If there was such a recommendation on the book of Allah, the whole of India would have become Bangalore.
Updates on the details of the data of states / union territories on new cases, recovery rate recovery and death
Running the Delhi Metro will be a big challenge amidst increasing cases of Corona virus.
If you are against the BJP in today's India, the BJP will use prostitutes to discredit you and ruin your career. And seven broker media of prostitutes, which are similar to the dog's house, will also use them.
Are these patients really
Azam Khan's wife and daughter would have been raped, but they would have known that if it could be a conspiracy of the opposition, it would have been much better
अनपढ़ नेता घुम रहे हैं महंगी महंगी कारों में , डिग्री लेकर रिक्शा खीचें आज युवा बाजारों में,,
Do not try to give you brother-in-law, you know the nature of the gang members.
Shahrukh Khan should remember that if a large mass of people in the country boycott his films, he too must wander the streets like a normal Muslim.
Cycle thief and Ticket Bleaker Motu Sanjay used to black out tickets in this auspicious theater in Sultanpuri. Today this bastard is committing hooliganism in the holy temple of democracy because of some free money.
Modiji is rearing indigenous breed dogs nowadays. Barking awesome The work of both is going on. Modiji happy with Desi breed, Desi breed happy with Modiji. Is it a coincidence or experiment
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat paid tribute to
Including kissing young people, beating up protesters, unsympathetic photos of women with alcohol or condoms, fake posts about the age of the students and angry and condemnation posts by the group's administrators.
If Riya Chakraborty is linked with Sushant, then Tyagi can also be traced to death.
जातिवाद में उलझते रहे इसलिए कांग्रेस व अन्य पार्टी देश को लूटते रहे, अब जातिवाद छोड़कर हिंदू होकर वोट करें, राष्ट्रवादी सरकार चुनें..
Many of my personal meetings and public events with former President Bharat Ratna respected Pranab Mukherjee are etched in my heart. In each meeting, he received new learning and positive energy. A tribute to his auspicious memories
Hearty greetings to all the residents on the founding day of Sirsa, the land of historical gurus, Mahatmas and large cultural heritage.
There is a volleybud. A boy and a girl are killed in the house of Kamini Giri and no one is ready to speak on it.
न्यूटन ताऊ का चौथा नियम He  की तुलना में She  की पोस्ट्स में अधिक गुरुत्वाकर्षण होता है....
Bihar These players can hold RJD with their mother, can contest this seat
Satyangan satire near truth 1 Millions of people have been cured by getting treatment for the same disease, which has not yet been treated. Wow, some other people have earned crores of billions in the name of the so-called treatment of this awe, after earning sarcasm 2, as if the N95 mask has been declared useless. The round of earning from will begin. You maintain and we maintain market cow slaughter
Those who want to get the floors, they also make stone bridges at the sea. Jai Shri Ram
When Gehlot said… ..injection, it is useless, it is lazy and only then was it convinced that a person with such merit could not leave the Congress.
Jose Butler will not play third and final T20 match against Australia, know what is the reason
ALE records corona infection in India, more than a thousand cases per hour
The dates of many recruitment examinations and results, including the students' movement, becoming successful on social media
Why is the Madarjat bastard making people foolish that this UP police has done this UP? There is no police anywhere in India, this is a photo from outside the country. Why is Suvariya misguiding people.
   बहुत बड़े बेवकूफ है  मुग़ल शासक अपने समय के नायक थे नालायक तो अभी बैठे हैं जिन्हें याद भी करने में घिन आएगी …
Kangana Ranaut Baisa will campaign for BJP, now all the drama in Bihar must have been understood… yet even if BJP's NIA lost the election in the upcoming General Elections of Bihar Assembly, Modi and Shah Kangana Ranaut got the Y category security intact. Will keep
जिसका डर था वही हुआ। आन्ध्र प्रदेश का तिरूपति बालाजी मन्दिर अब ईसाई चेयरमेन के हवाले। मंदिर के नए चेयरमैन आंध्र प्रदेश के मुख्यमंत्री जगनमोहन रेड्डी के अंकल है जो एक ईसाई धर्म प्रचारक हैं। अब सवाल ये उठता है कि क्या यह हिन्दुओं की भावनाओं के साथ खिलवाड़ नहीं है।
The riot seen in Jamia's library with stones in hand, this is the same boy whose minor boy was shot in the hand that the incomplete video of this student was involved in the violence has now become the tragedy of rioters, many of the whole truth Videos have surfaced
चीन के अचानक लिए फ़ैसले ने दुनिया के कोनेकोने को झखझोर कर रख दिया चीन ने पुरे विश्व को आज आश्चर्यचकित करते हुए यह निर्णय लिया की अब से डॉलर पेग को स्टॉक एक्सचेंज की लेनदेन की प्रणाली से रद्द किया जाएगा और आधिकारिक तौर पे निश्चय किया और डॉलर के बजाए चीनी युआन को आधिकारिक तरीके से लिंक करने का निर्णय भी लिया जोकि चीन के आर्थिक इतिहास में एक साहसिक और महत्वपूर्ण कदम है  जिसका मतलब है की अब डॉलर चीन की ट्रेडिंग प्रक्रिया में गैर मौजूदा हो गया है और अमेरिकी डॉलर चीनी युआन के मुक़ाबले तेज़ी से गिरने वाला है जिससे वैश्विक बाज़ारों में इसे तकलीफ़ हो सकती है  और सारे वैश्विक बाज़ार इस फैसले से दंग रह गए  यह खबर आज बीबीसी के वर्ल्ड न्यूज़ प्रोग्राम में चर्चा में आयी  यह एक आर्थिक लड़ाई है जो आगे चल एक विनाशकारी युद्ध में तब्दील हो सकती है जिसे नज़रअंदाज़ नहीं किया जा सकेगा अगर अमेरिका इस समस्या का सामना मूर्खतापूर्ण तरीके से करे  चीन विश्व पे राज करेगा  यह चीन का पुराना सपना था जिसे पूरा करने की इसकी मंशा कई दशकों या उससे भी पहले से थी 
Union Health Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan and the Chief Minister of Karnataka dedicated SSSTC to the country
Prashant Bhushan tweeted, My lawyer and senior colleague Rajiv Dhawan today contributed one rupee soon after the decision on the contempt case, which I accepted. Full story
Ukalanasurewala Chowk launched Fourlane's street lights. Due to which the beauty of the city will increase and the common man will get the facility.
मुंबई में लगे ाकिस्तान िंदाबाद के नारे... ाकरे सरकार में ा पार्टी के कोटे से मंत्री ्बू ़मी के सामने लगते रहे पाकिस्तान जिंदाबाद के नारे .. किस दिशा में ये देश को लेकर जाना चाहते है ये जिहादी..
रिपोर्ट के मुताबिक, अब अमेरिका के बराबर हो चली है चीन के परमाणु हथियारों की संख्या
Modi government accepted, it is a matter of taking loans from Chinese banks, this is false patriotism, identification of illegitimate children of British identity of traitor
The government is going to drop rupees in every town by helicopter
विकास .. विकास ... विकास ..कांग्रेस वाला विकास भी चलेगा  देश विकास को खोज रहा है, छः साल हो गये उसे देखे। आपको गंगा मैया की कसम विकास हमारे विकास को ला दो ।
India has said that some countries have taken hostage to the intergovernmental discussion of reform of the Security Council.
Realizing the dreams of Trump, Mother Tresa devotee Narendra Modi's government handed over Tirupati Balaji temple in Andhra Pradesh to the church
Corona figures in Maharashtra exceeded lakh. There were total cases with new cases. Death so far. Recovery rate in the state is percent: state government
Adelaide is preparing to host two consecutive Test matches against India
If Riya's case is given to Arnav, I don't think it will take more than two days to know Riya Bhatt's real name,
Seven-day state mourning statement will be in memory of former president
डॉ. कफील खान पर से हटा NSA, इलाहाबाद HC ने दिया तुरंत रिहा करने का आदेश
. Yes, please tell the public about which model is ruling. . Corona patient's kidney found missing body in suspicious condition, commotion in BHU Source Newstrack via Dailyhunt
Your children must rotate the bird house so that they do not grow up to think of the dog as a lion.
नही थम रही महिलाओं के साथ रेप की वारदात, खेत गई महिला से किया गया दुष्कर्म, विरोध करने पर महिला को दी जान से मारने की धमकी, पति की तहरीर पर पुलिस ने केस दर्ज किया, कोतवाली भोगनीपुर के गौरीकरन का मामला।
Preparations for the first Parliament session to be held in the Corona period are fast.
Sushant Singh Rajput case has now taken a new turn
Kesavananda Bharti v. State of Kerala. In this case, the Supreme Court gave a historic decision regarding the basic structure of the Constitution. The same Kesavanand Bharti died at the age of. This case reminded independent India that the Constitution is above any government.
फैसले से निराश े ट्वीट किया, ‘दुनिया के बहुत से देशों ने थिएटर खोलने की अनुमति दे दी है. हम भारत सरकार से अपील करते हैं कि वह भारत में भी मूवी थिएटर्स खोलने की इजाजत दे. हम पूरी सुरक्षा और सेफ्टी के साथ लोगों को सिनेमा का एक्सपीरियंस देंगे.’
Actress Sara Ali Khan. Recently, he established Ganpati in his home and posted a photo of Pooja on social media. But people did not like to worship him Ganesha. They started trolling them, as well as sharing knowledge of Islam.
Today new corona positives have surfaced and patients have been declared healthy upon recovery. There is now an active case in Dadri. Out of a total of caso have been recovered. The report from the sample sent is negative. 'S report is yet to come.
उत्तर प्रदेश विधान सभा का नवीन सत्र कल से प्रारंभ हो रहा है। मा. विधान सभा अध्यक्ष श्री हृदय नारायण दीक्षित जी की अध्यक्षता में आज हुई सर्वदलीय बैठक में सत्र के सुरक्षित संचालन में पूर्ण सहयोग के प्रति आश्वस्त किया। जनहित के दृष्टिगत यह सत्र निश्चित ही उपयोगी सिद्ध होगा।
Flood victims besiege BJP MLA for relief money
भारत ने आज हाइपरसोनिक टेक्नोलॉजी डिमॉन्स्ट्रेटर व्हीकल का सफल परीक्षण किया। यह स्वदेशी रक्षा प्रौद्योगिकियों के क्षेत्र में एक महत्वपूर्ण उपलब्धि है।
The aim is to reduce malnutrition, anemia and nutrition related diseases in young children, women and adolescents. In order to tackle the problem of malnutrition among children and women, National Nutrition Month is being celebrated in the month of September.
Geofiber giving days free internet trial, speed Mbps
It lasted for miles .. Just like the caravan of love… No Laila came out of the camel… No Majnuo left the chase .. Sonia again president
The kind of ball that a bowler specializes in, he should bowl that Bhubaneswar
प्रणब मुखर्जी नहीं रहे
रानी पद्मावती जी को शत शत नमन लेकिन इस कमीनी को नहीं
वकिल अक्षत बाजपेयी ने िकासदुबे के बेटे को लेकर शिकायत की, बाल अधिकार संरक्षण आयोग में शिकायत, विकास के बेटे को घुटनों के बल बैठाया था, पुलिस ने विकास के बेटे की फोटो ली थी, टॉर्चर करने,ऐसी फोटो लेने पर शिकायत की, घुटनों पर लाकर हाथ ऊपर कराकर फोटो ली।
In Tamil it is called Surga Bird. Photographers took days to capture this video. Share this unusual bird video.
Riya caught in her own plot, see India asks Aishwarya on Republic live India on YouTube live TV
It will happen that the grand temple of our Lord Shriram is removing the tarpaulin from the land of my Lord, India is moving in a new direction. Prayers call, build temple with chic
आरोपियों द्वारा लूट की रकम बाँटते वक़्त पुलिस ने मारा छापा
एक खबर सुशांत सिंह राजपूत की मौत के मामले में कोई श्रृति मोदी भी जांच और संदेह के दायरे में और पप्पू की आंखों में चमक आ गई लो जी, प्रधानमंत्री मोदी, सुशांत सिंह राजपूत के हत्यारे हैं मोदीजी ने अनिल अंबानी की जेब में करोड़ों डालर डालने के लिए श्रृति मोदी से हत्या करवाई है।
Citing media reports claiming, the central government postponed the wage hike until next year.
You are ashamed of all the countries that have done work for the benefit of the country, you have opposed it and have instigated the public, the government deals with the fucker, but we have to deal with you like you.
This incident took place in the Telangipara district of West Bengal on Tuesday morning.
Goodbye sister, Unnao rape victim is no more… No one could have imagined that for justice a daughter had to die along with the family, the operation truck was successful. Now a new story will be created, long speeches will be made for the interests of women. Congratulations to the entire government, including the mother, and in the end there is a narcissist, where sister, you would have lost my life in the courtroom, I wish you would have been accused if you are not an accused, but also become a voice for this sister; Modi Yogi Murdabad Kuldeep Sengar is a rapist, he is hanged
योजना के तहत राज्योंकेंद्र शासित प्रदेशों द्वारा अनुमानित करीब करोड़ प्रवासी और दूसरी जगहों पर फंसे प्रवासियों में से लगभग प्रतिशत को निःशुल्क खाद्यान्न की आपूर्ति की गई विवरण
अब ये किस ने कहा कि राहुल गांधी जी भारत को जीत ने के बाद पाकिस्तान के चुनावों की तैयारी में जुट जाएं गे।
Spoke pain of Pranab da's son, due to Corona, could not be fulfilled through father's wish
The USISPF conference began in August, lasting five days. Its theme is 'Navigating New Challenges'. The same happened with PM Modi's video of this conference, which has been happening with his other videos for the last few days. This means that you get full dislikes.
Rajasthan Public Service Commission postponed interview of all posts in view of Corona
जब  GDP थी तो नौकरी मिली ही नहीं तो आज क्या घंटा मिलेगी..  भैया की कलम से
अब तक राज्य में लाख नमूनों की जांच की जा चुकी है.
मेरे पड़ोस में दो मराठी परिवार रहते हैं जो जीवन भर अपनी रोटी यहां से कमा रहे हैं, आज रात को उनको तेरा ये ट्वीट दिखाता हूँ
भूल कर भी न करें ITR से जुड़ी ये गलतियां, वरना आयकर विभाग भेज सकता है नोटिस
पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी का निधन राजस्थान में आज एक दिन का अवकाश घोषित किया गया, दिन मनाया जाएगा शोक अजय माकन का फीडबैक कार्यक्रम भी स्थगित
Shiv Sena is putting a nail in its own coffin, soon Sonia Sena's pride will break
After the verbal war between Kangana Ranaut and Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut, the Home Ministry decided to give Kangana a Y-class security.
Motorola One G is the company's affordable G smartphone, cameras are in it
I demand the release of Dr. Kafeel Khan.
LIVE CM Nitish Kumar's big attack used to be mass massacre under Lalurabadi rule
Fiza Fatima is preparing to send Shalini abroad, trying to get a visa
The office memorandum in this regard has been issued by the Official Language Division of the Ministry on August. Information has also been made available on the dash board of the ministry. 33
Under the chairmanship of CM Nitish Kumar, the 12th meeting of the governing body of Bihar Development Mission has been completed, know what issues were discussed on the report:
Agriculture Minister Kamal Patel admitted that some farmers' debt was waived in the Kamal Nath government.
देश ने रक्षा क्षेत्र में बड़ी सफलता हासिल की है. डीआरडीओ ने सफलतापूर्वक का फ्लाइट टेस्ट किया है.
IPL chairman Brijesh Patel said 'The schedule of IPL2020, starting in the UAE from September 19, will be released tomorrow, September 6.'
कई दिनों से केंद्र सरकार को छात्रों की तरफ से संदेश दिए जा रहे हैं. मोदी के कई यूट्यूब वीडियो में डिसलाइक की भरमार से लेकर उन्हीं के दिए तालीथाली वाले आइडिया तक. ये सब हो रहा है ताकि छिटपुट आवाज़ें इकट्ठा होकर सरकारी कानों पर गिरें. Baje5Minute
Family questioning those who question Sushant and his father's relationship, watch video
Anurag Kashyap shared video of Bareilly MLA's daughter, say help them, they are in danger of life
सुशांतरिया के रिश्ते में ड्रग्स का धुंआ  , देखिए रिया के घर से सोनल सिंह की ये ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट
मै एक कुत्ता पालकर उसका नाम शेरू गांधी रख देता हूं। वो कांग्रेस का महासचिव तो नही पर प्रदेश अध्यक्ष तो बन ही जायेगा
दिल्ली के गफ्फार मार्केट में दिल्ली पुलिस ने आतंकवादियों की गिरफ्तारी की है।
Desh ke gaddar shouted slogans of Pakistan Zindabad in support of Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi in Maharashtra .... Wadala Station Mumbai No comments on this
जब तक हिंदुस्तान में सिनेमा है, लोग चूतिया बनते रहेंगे।
Promotion of Indian languages, arts and culture has been given special importance in the National Education Policy because they are important for our economy along with the identity of India.
कल से पितृपक्ष गया में ऑनलाइन पिंडदान नहीं करवाएंगे पंडे, बुकिंग रद्द पंडे बोले ऐसे तो हर कोई इसे बिजनेस बना लेगा
Jawan was injured in the fight ... In the Chinese attack, his father and wife were quoted as saying that we were 400 men and there were 2500 people from China. Suddenly how we came in their circle, nothing was known. Those people had rods, poles and stones with which they attacked us. While we had nothing, we were absolutely empty-handed… but still we did not give up, we made our hands steel and weighed down one by one but regret that we could not save our comrades, they were fighting the war Received ... My salute to every soldier engaged in defense of the country .. Jai Hind Jai Hind's army
ITBP के जवानों ने लियो पारगिल पर्वत की चोटी को किया फतह, तिरंगा लहराकर मनाया  जश्न 
The peacock feather is so important in the moon that the national antagonist, that killing a creature, is justified for these traitors .... after all, why does he cry on the Qurbaani of Bakrid?
Separated Hindu and Muslim in Ahmedabad hospital. The hospital said, this government's decision.
Nitish Kumar paid tribute to Sushant Singh Rajput at JDU Virtual Conference and said this
पिछले साल दिल्ली के करोड़ लोगों ने मिलकर डेंगू को हराकर दिखाया था। आइए आज से डेंगू के खिलाफ़ अगले हफ़्ते चलने वाली लड़ाई हम फिर से शुरु करें सुबह बजे मैं अपने घर पर चेक करूँगा कि कहीं पानी जमा तो नहीं है। आप भी जरूर करना। हमें इस बार भी मिलकर डेंगू को हराना है।
Opposition of the country, why do people burn dog dog so much Opposition of BJP and RSS The nation's opposition has become unemployed every day, that is why we keep crying all day and night, only Modi ji's name is a bastard, you will also come in your dream and the biggest country Who is the traitor of the day
Who are these people with the police who are killing women badly? Is this how Modi ji's government respects women
Reliance Retail may get big investment, negotiation for deal with Walmart via
ुजनोंकाशासनलायेंगे संख्या हमारी राज तुम्हारी नहीं चलेगी
अमिताभ और अभिषेक बच्चन दोनों कोरोना असिम्प्टोटिक हैं और उनकी हालत बेहतर है। उनके पास जुहू में तीन बंगले हैं, जिनमें कमरे हैं। यहां तक कि एक कमरे में मिनी आईसीयू है और डॉक्टर्स घंटे वहां रहते हैं। लेकिन, उन्होंने खुद को नानावटी हॉस्पिटल में भर्ती कराया और सीनियर बच्चन अपने हर ट्वीट में नानावटी और इसके डॉक्टर्स का शुक्रिया अदा कर रहे हैं। उन्होंने रेडिएंट ग्रुप में इन्वेस्ट किया है और इसके बोर्ड मेंबर भी हैं, जो कि नानावटी का ही है। यह हॉस्पिटल भारी भरकम बिल बनाता है, में से को कोरोना पॉजिटिव बताता है और मरीजों को जरूरत से ज्यादा लम्बे समय तक भर्ती रखता है। नानावटी की छवि को चमकाने के लिए बेहतरीन स्क्रिप्ट और एक्टिंग।
राहुल गाँधी ने कहा चीलों के बीच बेरोज़गारी के लिए बीजेपी ज़िम्मेदार
Ara arrested and fights two people fiercely in minor dispute, police arrested people
UP PM report revealed cardiac arrest, death of former MLA Nirvendra, constituted committee to investigate
Pain and fear. Big B raised his voice for students now
Know from the Assam Police, who was the cook, the amount or the smuggler of drugs
There were voices that Virat Kohli was dropped from Team India, then MS Dhoni played masterstroke
उत्तर कोरिया के तानाशाह किम जोंग उन ने जब मोदी जी की हत्या की शाजिश करने वालों के बारे में सुना तो उन्हें बहुत ही बुरा लगा, जब प्रेस कांग्रेस में उनसे इस बारे में पूछा गया तो उन्होंने बहुत ही बड़ा बयान दे डाला हे उन्होंने अपने बयान में कहा की जो लोग मोदी जी की हत्या करने के बारे में सोच रहे हैं वो एक बार मेरे बारे में जान लें की उनका क्या हर्ष होगा, मोदी हमारे बहुत ही करीबी दोस्त हैं, हम उनके लिए कुछ भी करने को तैयार हैं 
In many places, corona cases are increasing again, what could be the reason for this
जून, शनिवार से फेसबुक अपनी प्राइवेसी पॉलिसी में बदलाव जा रहा है। अगर यूजर्स इस लिखे हुए मैसेज को कॉपी करके अपनी वॉल पर पोस्ट नहीं करते हैं, तो उन्हें कानूनी मुश्किलों का सामना करना पड़ सकता है।
The girl fell into the pit dug for electricity connection by the railways, then people rescued
अच्छी बारिश से अर्थव्यवस्था को मिलेगी गति, किसानों के लिए भी खुशखबरी via
New Zealand all-rounder Jimmy Neesham stopped speaking of a Pakistani fan
Airtel Offer Uncle Chips, Crunchy, Ledge and Doritos to get up to GB free data
According to the Unloc 4 Guidelines issued by the Government of India, the Chief Minister has issued guidelines to open more activities in areas outside the Containment Zone in the state since yesterday, ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
People arrested from UP in connection with withdrawal of money from Assam's CM Relief Fund, all the accused belong to Uttar Pradesh
हर साल युवाओं की दो करोड़ नौकरियां लेंगे ये कहा था चाचा ने, वो तो हम लोगों से ही सुनने में भृम हुआ
The work of spreading the coronavirus is being done by throwing notes on the road
कहासुनी भारत की GDP में फीसदी की ऐतिहासिक गिरावट देखने को मिली है. इस गिरावट का आप पर क्या असर दिखा है हमें बताइए.
See which politicians actors are involved in the drugs gang LIVE on Republic India with Mahabharata Sucharita Kukreti
As per the guidelines of the Government of India, under the Universalisation of Women Helpline Scheme, 181 women helplines were being operated through the executive body GVK EMRI.
Can corona patient's clothes be washed with other clothes during home quarantine
AAP leader Kejriwal is so angry that he is appealing to vote for Jhatu.
Jungle raj is at the peak of ethnic violence and rape in UP. Now another terrible incident, Sarpanch Satyamev turned into a Dalit and called 'Na', due to which he was killed. Condolences to the family members of Satyamev Ji.
China says that by forceful occupation of our land, we Indians were yearning to hear it. It was heartening to hear this.
Mobile companies have announced to give free internet to all mobile users due to the lockdown till May due to corona epidemic.
It is nice to hear Yogi's praise from Arnab's mouth.
My direct question to you is why the President was not invited in Bhoomi Poojan because the BJP should answer this because he is a Dalit. Anti Dalit BJP
India got a lead in the entire disputed area due to military fronting on the southern shore of Pengong Lake
विशेषज्ञ कोरोना के कारण अर्थव्यवस्था के भारी गिरावट की भविष्यवाणी कर रहे हैं। मुझे इन विशेषज्ञों के बारे में ज्यादा पता नहीं है, लेकिन मैं निश्चित रूप से जानता हूं कि उन्हें मानव प्रेरणा और निर्धारित प्रयासों के मूल्य के बारे में कुछ भी नहीं पता है। देशदुनिया में पहले हुईं ऐसे घटनाओं के बारे में लिखा गया है, जिनके बाद दुनिया पर संकट था, लेकिन दुनिया उससे उबर गई।
We are all one, rise above the caste and become a Hindu Jai Shri Ram Jai Hind Vande Mataram
कोई जरूरी तो नहीं की फिल्मों का अड्डा सिर्फ मुम्बई  महाराष्ट्र ही रहे । फिल्म इंडस्ट्री U.p. में भी बनाई जा सकती है
अनुच्छेद और A हटने के बाद जम्मूकश्मीर और लद्दाख में हुआ एक नए युग का शुभारंभ। आज जम्मूकश्मीर में आतंकवाद, परिवारवाद और भ्रष्टाचार पर लगाम लगी है और विकास की एक नई बयार बह रही है। एक भारत, एकात्म भारत
Buses are being run smoothly in the state. Yesterday, people traveled through buses through ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Take care of the elderly and support them at all times. Change your behavior, attack Corona.
As soon as the contracts were opened, the first trend of NJP Netri came thanks to Modi ji for opening the contracts.
From the education policy of the government to this education policy, it has been made clear in one voice that the central and state governments should jointly aim at the percent investment of GDP in the field of public education. That this education policy recommends to reach this goal quickly
Somebody built elephants, somebody built Haj House. Our Yogi Maharaj is building a grand Ram temple Jai Jai Shri Ram
Corona Virus to a soldier in Bihar Hajipur Jail.
Have you ever been surprised to see someone waiting in our eyes towards us?
कंगना कमीनी जहां जहां तेरा छज्जा और चबूतरा हद से बाहर निकलेगा, BMC तोड़ेगी ज़रूर.....
There is no Khalifasekam, the new princess of Liberals who was ready to lick, all of them yesterday…. Which the cold princess of Saudi was going to tweet on Twitter and the consoles here were happy that now Any day Saudi will bomb India, it was caught in a London hotel just two or three days ago with people in black, frog living in oil wells, to suppress the news, million dollar About billion rupees Also offered to suppress this news, but the newspaper refused saying that we are not…
The great freedom fighter and martyr Shri Singh's estranged younger sister died yesterday, but regrettably, no leader has expressed condolences for the family of the martyr who has died for the soil of the country, who is not tired of licking the feet of fake Gandhi . Srdhanjaliprakashkaur
राज्यों के अनुसार कोरोना संक्रमण की कुल संख्या
फ्लिपकार्ट होलसेल ने किराना दुकानदारों को सेवाएं देना किया शुरू, जानिए पूरी प्लानिंग via
Pragya Thakur said that Manohar Parrikar died of cancer due to sale of beef in Goa. Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar died because he did not ban beef beef in Goa.
जो आदमी पहले सिनेमा घर के बाहर टिकट की काला बाजारी करता था,गुंडागिरी करता था अपने कॉलेज के दिनों में लड़की छेड़ता था जनता जिसे कुत्तों की तरह कई बार मारी हो वो जब सांसद बनेगा तो यही सब गन्दी हरकते ही करेगा.इस उचक्के की संसद सदस्यता खत्म की जानी चाहिए, इसको जेल भेजा जाना चाहिए
बिल नहीं दे पाया दंपत्ति तो अस्पताल ने खरीद लिया बच्चा, चार कमरे सील
Cow mother is a good thing, Ganges mother is a good thing, Earth is mother, it is a good thing, when the father-in-law hides the father everywhere, the public will have power
The sad news of the demise of Bharat Ratna, former President Shri Pranab Mukherjee was received. May God give peace to the departed soul and stamina to the family members. Pranab da was an outstanding politician who served the nation by holding various positions during his five-decade long political life. ॐ Peace.
There is no truth in these allegations, and anyway women have stripped themselves of the Me Too campaign by making false accusations. Hopefully you must have understood that all the women associated with Me Too are extremely bastard and opportunistic. The tweets keep coming, still you
योग गुरु बाबा रामदेव ने दो दावें किए हैं पहला तो यह की सेकंड तक सांस रोकना कोविड19 के लिए एक स्व  परीक्षण का तरीक़ा हो सकता है और दूसरा यह की सरसों का तेल नाक पर लगाने से वह वायरस को पेट में ले जाता है जहाँ एसिड वायरस को ख़त्म कर देता है। किंतु इन दावों को किसी भी वैज्ञानिक रीसर्च का समर्थन या पुष्टि नहीं मिली है। रामदेव ने यह दावें आज तक के इ अजेंडा में अप्रैल को एक मिनट लंबे वीडियो में किए। इस इंटर्व्यू का वीडियो आप नीचे देख सकते हैं। वीडियो के पाँचवे मिनट में रामदेव कोविड19 के सेल्फ़  टेस्ट की बात करते हैं।
Fake beef made in china
ये सस्ता बेच रहे हैं इसलिए मन में बात आई। हो सकता है कि वो अपना जिहाद चला रहे हों। मैं आपसे रिक्वेस्ट करता हूं कि किसी भी मुस्लिम से कोई भी खानेपीने का सामान न खरीदें। मुझे हिंदू होने पर गर्व है। मैं चाहता हूं कि सभी हिंदू भाई एक हो जावें। नहीं होंगे तो आगे दिक्कत आएगी। दसबीस रुपए के लालच में इनसे संक्रमित सामान न खरीदें। एक महीने तक सावधान हो जाइएगा। इस ऑडियो को इतना वायरल करें कि यह हर एक हिंदू के घर में पहुंचे। यह हमारी ड्यूटी है। मोदी जी, अमित शाह जी तक भी यह ऑडियो पहुंचे ताकि पुलिस को यह डायरेक्शन मिले कि यह कौन लोग हैं जो एकदम से हिंदू एरिया में पहुंचकर सब्जी बेच रहे हैं। भारत माता की जय। कोरोना की लड़ाई हमें जीतना है किसी भी हाल में। धन्यवाद। नहीं खरीदें। बाद में आपकी मर्जी है।
The entire news channel takes place in the promotion of that harami to light a lamp candle but this corrupt media for the unemployed youth will not stand in this campaign.
डब्ल्यूएचओ से अमेरिका की नाराजगी खत्म नहीं, वैक्सीन बनानेबांटने के वैश्विक प्रयासों से अलग रहेगा
Manuwadi people saw a boy forcefully drinking water and urine from shoes in Rajasthan
Some BJP leaders are angry with Scindia joining the party
कोरोना संक्रमित को खाने में क्या देना चाहिये
Fear not without love After Galvan, China's arrogance has started appearing broken due to India's powerful attack in Pangong. This is clear from the statements of China in its last hour.
पहचानकौन  ेशर्मी और ेईमानी की इन्तिहा तो देखिये जरा...ये आदमी जो में जुलूसों में इस तरह नाचता था. आज खुद को छत्रपति शिवाजी महाराज की विरासत का ठेकेदार बताता है.
. के अध्यक्ष पूज्य महंत श्री नृत्य गोपाल दास जी महाराज के कोरोना संक्रमित होने की सूचना प्राप्त हुई। उन्हें त्वरित चिकित्सकीय सुविधा उपलब्ध कराने हेतु मेदांता अस्पताल के डॉ. नरेश त्रेहन से वार्ता की है। प्रभु श्री राम से उनके शीघ्र स्वास्थ्य लाभ हेतु प्रार्थना है।
The people of Madhya Pradesh are plagued by costly lightning strikes. Here the credit of less electricity and more bills goes to Mr. Ji.
मेरे मददगार रोहित ने कल बताया उसके घर राशन खत्म हो गया था,आज सुबह मेरी बेटी ने उन्हें राशन का सामान दिया  एक दूसरे कि मदद से हीं इस विपदा से निपट सकेंगे। जरूरी समझना ये है कि लाँकडाउन खुलने के बाद अब वो कमा के खा सकेगा, मगर वो सिलसिला दोबारा अब से शुरू होगा 
To give impetus to a large and vibrant economy like India, it is necessary to encourage 'knowledgecreation' and research. The central and state governments will have to increase the percentage of investment in research and innovation.
The name of this person is Kalim, who runs a rickshaw in Lucknow. The UP government imposed a fine of lakh and put him in jail by accusing Kalim of bringing the people joining the CAA campaign on a rickshaw. Neither will he have lakhs, nor will he ever see the world outside of jail
OlaUber vehicles will not run on roads in Delhi NCR, lakh drivers on strike
Deewane hai, how can you not deny the name of your name that there is no fault with your love, I am not guilty of your eyes alone ”
Taal ThokKe Live Tweet Sushant not from justice concoction LIVE
JEE Main  आज बजे से शुरू होंगे एग्जाम, इन बातों का रखें ध्यान
व्हुआन मार्केट। चाइना, ोरोना वायरस की उत्पत्ति।
Sirsa's power worker turned the ravaged campus into greenery
रिया के मातापिता से CBI को सुराग़ सुशांत की मौत पर कितनी फेक न्यूज़ आज की हर बड़ी ख़बर के लिए देखिये ZEE SUPER PM पर
 दिल्ली के पटपड़गंज में हो रही है खुल कर सड़कों पर नमाज़, सरेआम कानून और Social Distancing की धज्जियां उड़ायी जा रहीं हैं, कोन जिम्मेदार
एससीओ बैठक के लिए आज रूस जाएंगे राजनाथ, चीन से वार्ता तय नहीं
Community transmission of Kovid 19 in Kinkin states can knock. The highest threat is shown in the state of Telangana.
दिल्ली फ़साद में जिन मस्जिद,मकान और दुकानों को नुक़सान हुआ था उनका बचा हुआ रिपेयर का काम बहुत जल्द शुरू कर दिया जाएगा जो कोरोना के चलते रोकना पड़ा था।
On the call of Hon'ble Chief Minister for the birthday of all of us, on his birthday he presented to the Oximeter Party on behalf of the activists of Burari. Thanks to Ajay Sharmaparashad, Amit Sharma, Anil Kaushik, Basant Singh, Sundar Suman and Asit Kumar for contributions.
राई से विधायक मोहन लाल बड़ौली ने कहा कि पर्यावरण संरक्षण के लिए पौधारोपण जरूरी है।
कोलकाता के नील रतन सरकार मेडिकल कालेज में वर्षीय ोहम्मदशाहिद को सोमवार सुबह काफी गंभीर हालत में भर्ती करवाया गया  उसे उल्टी पेट दर्द और दस्त हो रहा था। इलाज के दौरान ही उसकी मौत हो गई  उसके रिश्तेदारों और धर्मांध लोगों ने अस्पताल में जबरन घुसकर जुनियर डाक्टर परिवाह मुखर्जी और डा यश टेकवानी को इस कदर बेरहमी से पीटा कि मुखर्जी कोमा में चले गये थेडाक्टर यश की हालत गंभीर है ... अभी अभी खबर प्राप्त हुई है कि डाक्टर परिवाह मुखर्जी की दुःखद मृत्यु हो गई है ... केंद्र में नई सरकार के बाद हिंदुओं पर सारे देश मे अत्याचार ,बलात्कार और हत्या का बाज़ार गर्म है  कोई कुछ नहीं कर रहा है ...
झारखंड में कोरोना की बढ़ती रफ्तार चिंताजनक। झारखंड के लिए कई आंकड़े आखिर क्यों पैदा कर रहे हैं चिंता। और जानिए की में अन्य वीडियो
कोरोना संकट काल में श्रमिक भाई बहनों को रोजगार उपलब्ध कराने में भारतीय रेलवे निभा रहा है अहम भूमिका, गरीब कल्याण रोज़गार अभियान के अंतर्गत पश्चिम मध्य रेल मंडल शाजापुर में श्रमिक दे रहे हैं राष्ट्र निर्माण के कार्य में योगदान
कमीने बेहूदे किसान बिल का k भी नहीं पता लेकिन फालतू में बिचोलियों और दलालों के पक्ष में कुत्ते की तरह टांग उठा कर भों भों करने आ गए ।
PM Modi's mind is being disliked on YouTube
See, Hindusta's people are burning the tricolor today, the brother-in-law will burn the people tomorrow .. improve and support Modi ji, otherwise you will have to cry a lot ...
महाराष्ट्रातील देशद्रोह्यांना महाराष्ट्रातील नागरिक ओळखतात आणि महाराष्ट्राला पाकिस्तान म्हणून संबोधणा व्यक्तीचे समर्थन करतात.
Special trains will be operated on the pattern and combination of regular trains. These special trains will be fully reserved trains report
These jihadis opened packets of bread and spit on them. They are leaving no stone unturned to spread the corona. How long will you be safe
Those who were describing the prohibition as historical, telling the CST as fifty-six and in the pandemic of the RONA epidemic, were becoming the director of AIIMS as the Corona's vaccine; is
दिल्ली के एक डेयरी ओनर की उसके ही कर्मचारी ने हत्या कर दी। आरोपित इस बात से खफा था कि उसे लॉकडाउन के दौरान सैलरी नहीं मिल रही थी।
Tell me one thing, don't laugh. The tea person knows how the spoon is washed.
यह बोलती थी कि गौ मांस खाने से सुंदरता आ जाती है इसकी सुंदरता देख लो आसमान की परी भी फेल है  इससे अच्छी तो गांव की कुतिया
से सुरक्षित रहने के लिए नियमित रूप से कोविड अनुरूप व्यवहारों का पालन करें। दूसरों को भी इसके लिए प्रोत्साहित करें। बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार
Why are many players refusing to play in America
दाऊद पर इमरान के झूठ के पक्के सबूत पर ट्वीट करें Watch LIVE 
सोशल मीडिया पर मुम्बई से अंग तस्करी की खबर
शिवसेना नेता की गाली के बाद, महाराष्ट्र की सरकार को कंगना रनौत की खुली चुनौती
Bhakta became a major on Surgical Strike, an economist at Nont Bandhi, C.A. At the moment, the dogs of Dhobi remain
COVID19 के संक्रमण से सुरक्षा के लिए घर पर बना पुनः उपयोग होने वाला फेस कवरमास्क पहनना प्रभावी उपाय है। सबकी सुरक्षा के लिए इसे हर समय पहनें। बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार।
राष्ट्रपति ने किये प्रणब मुखर्जी के अंतिम दर्शन, दी श्रद्धांजलि
रक्षा मंत्री राजनाथ सिंह मॉस्को के लिए रवाना हो रहे हैं जहां शंघाई कॉरपोरेशन ऑर्गनाइजेशन SCO के सदस्य देशों के रक्षा मंत्रियों की बैठक होनी है। इससे इतर राजनाथ सिंह रूस के रक्षा मंत्री के साथ द्विपक्षीय बातचीत भी करेंगे।
पति बेचारा भुजिया, साबुन, तेल बेंच के मुश्किल से पैसा कमाता है और हरामखोर बीबी उन पैसे को चरसगाँजा में उड़ा देती है... थूंकता है भारत ऐसी कमीनी औरत पे..
Mohatrama is the student of the year of JNU, and it is amazing that his daughter Mona also falls in JNU.
प्रधानमंत्री नरेन्द्र मोदी ने कहा कि शिक्षा नीति और शिक्षा प्रणाली, देश की आकांक्षाओं को पूरा करने के लिए महत्वपूर्ण माध्यम।
There was no liberation from casteism even after death. Jagdish Parmar, a resident of Jamalpura Todi, Mahidpur in Ujjain, died in a hospital while undergoing treatment in Dewas. The ghat operator stopped that the Dalit was forbidden. That is Indian society.
You will not mind, your father grandfather took the land of poor backward people who have been crushed since the British era, they will sell it and keep eating and the difference is that the small businessman is going to face the business of ruin.
द्रोणाचार्य ने अंगूठा काटा, लक्ष्मण ने नाक काटी थी पर अल्लाह ने तो.. खैर छोड़ो हमें किया जिसका कटा वे समझे 
ये pic पाकिस्तान में मारे गए हिन्दू परिवार की है। ये कट्टरता फ़ैलाने वाला इसे भारत का बता कर प्रधानमंत्री जी के आत्मनिर्भर भारत अभियान को बदनाम कर रहा है और भारत और मोदीजी की छवि खराब करना चाहता है।
He sat in power in Delhi with the same false accusations and left Delhi in ruin How many shops burned the house
The other name of slavery is privatization, strongly protest, otherwise new generations will be enslaved by a few industrialists. Do you want to let this happen?
विवादों में भट्ट परिवार रणवीर शौरी ने महेश भट्ट के परिवार पर बोला हमला, कहापूजा भट्ट के साथ रिलेशनशिप में मुझे एब्यूज किया गया था
Action has been taken under Fake News taking cognizance of the cases so far. So far, people have been arrested by filing FIR in the state ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
If you do this by investing in mutual funds, you will be able to easily manage the risk through
एक साल पहले जम्मू कश्मीर को अनुच्छेद से आजादी मिल चुकी है। ये साल जम्मू कश्मीर की एक नई विकास यात्रा का है। ये साल जम्मू कश्मीर में महिलाओं, दलितों को मूलभूत अधिकार देने का रहा है। ये जम्मू कश्मीर में शरणार्थियों के गरिमापूर्ण जीवन का भी एक साल है।
Abe mad gang brother is still thinking of licking you guys, what is crazy gang loot too, do you do it in the old year, why are you still getting some work done in your years, not just by remembering the past time Is a jugaad of bread
तस्वीर में खड़े लड़के के हाथ बंधे हुए हैं, इसे केरल की हथिनी का हत्यारा बताया जा रहा
“आत्मनिर्भर भारत” के लक्ष्य को हासिल करने की दिशा में डीआरडीओ ने उद्योग द्वारा डिजाइन, विकास और विनिर्माण के लिए प्रणालियों और उप प्रणालियों की पहचान की विवरण 
Modi and Dhogi Yogi's hooligans' fouls to show a black flag to a convoy's convoy, while harassing a daughter and saying "save daughter, get daughter killed"
इंग्लैंड का ये बल्लेबाज खेल रहा ऐसी धाकड़ पारियां, टी20 के महारथी विराट, रोहित सब भर रहे पानी 
The viral message claimed that the BJP could have easily won the seats. Along with this, the following alleged win margin has also been cited. Seats lost by a margin of less votes than BJP lost by a margin of less than the number of seats lost. WhatsApp Forward also said that with these seats 8 With the seats BJP won, Bejeppi could win the total seats with more than the majority to form the government.
Pakistan banned many apps including Tinder, stated the reason
I see with you at tonight, you eat pulses every day, but what are the pulp growers, the Prime Minister says thank you but Nitish implicated
The heroes who lit Krantdeep in the darkest times of independence, aspiring for the sunrise of independence, the nation itself, the ultimate example of the spirit of paramountcy, the heroic, the great revolutionary, the humble soul Shivaram Hari Rajguru ji on his birth anniversary. Jai Hind
राष्ट्रपति राम नाथ कोविंद और पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति पर राज्यपालों के सम्मेलन के उद्घाटन सत्र को संबोधित कर रहे हैं।
 इलाहाबाद हाईकोर्ट ने कहा डॉ. कफील खान पर NSA अवैध, तत्काल रिहा करें
UP में कोरोना के खिलाफ जंग और तेज, दिन में हुए से ज्यादा टेस्ट
Warmup matches can be played before the tournament
COVID19 के संक्रमण से सुरक्षा के लिए घर पर बना पुनः उपयोग होने वाला फेस कवरमास्क पहनना प्रभावी उपाय है। सबकी सुरक्षा के लिए इसे हर समय पहनें। बदलकर अपना व्यवहार, करें कोरोना पर वार।
This whole Bachchan family is an opportunist, if the traitors come, then the bastard
Raid of CO CITY in Heera Continental, youth arrested, 1 woman arrested, red-handed while doing prostitution, police also recovered objectionable goods, Delhi-based woman also arrested, accused sent to jail, city Kotwali area A matter of
रिया ने कहा सुशांत के लिए ड्रग्स मंगवाया था, खुद कभी नहीं किया इस्तेमाल
जम्मूकश्मीरः बडगाम के कावूसा इलाके में पुलिस और सुरक्षाबलों की आतंकियों के साथ मुठभेड़। बाकी जानकारी का इंतजार।
Vodafone Idea अब बना Vi, नए ब्रांड लोगो से उठाया पर्दा
हमारी भी आवाज उठाएं मेरे पति को साल महीना में सेना से निकालकर आज तक उसको पेंशन नहीं दी उसके लिए मुझे कोर्ट की चक्कर काटने पड़ रही है वकीलों को भारीभरकम रकम देनी पड़ रही है गरीब की आवाज बनना पसंद नहीं है आपको मैं गरीब हूं इसलिए आप मेरी आवाज नहीं उठाएंगे
Kashmiri youth and children are losing eye light due to pellet guns .. Who is responsible for this
खरीदी के लिए बाहर जाते वक्त एड्रेस प्रूफ साथ रखना न भूलें।
My religion is different, he does not believe in religion, in fact his Salim is the most different, after having fun, he kills the soul .. stop
Sonali's father is a farmer. Sonali performed the dance with her partner Marju Sumant at America's Talent Show. The song was tatad-tatad, the dance audience and the judges liked it a lot. Their pair has now reached the semi-finals of the show.
According to CBI, producer of Sandeep Singh Narendra Modi biopic, accused of selling drugs to Sushant first reached crime scene…
The case of the arrest of lakh prizes, police will bring Ashu Jat to Hapur from Mumbai today, BJP leaders were murdered, Ashu was absconding in more cases than Ashi, the leader of Mirchi gang.
If you want to save the existence of Hindutva in future. So not ordinary Hindus become hardcore Hindus. This is the demand of the present time
Sushant was given the comfort of Kangana by just supporting Shetty
असम के कांग्रेस नेता अमजात अली सेब की पेटी में हथियार और गोलियां के साथ मस्जिद से हिरासत में। हिंदुओं को मारने का कर रहा था प्लान। पुलिस ने दबोचा 
The same is called sprinkling salt on the burn, the Indian Air Force chief's official residence is right in front of the Congress headquarters.
India's relations with China have deteriorated, so is the Indian media virus responsible for it, which considers China as Pakistan while…
Go ahead looking forward. Illegal construction in Kangna's office, BMC pasted notice to stop work
Distances between Rajiv Gandhi and Pranab Mukherjee began to widen. April Pranab was sitting with Kamalapati Tripathi's bungalow and drinking tea. That's when Tripathi's daughter-in-law Chanda comes out and tells them, "Pranab da, right now you have been expelled from the party."
If a donkey is tied with a peg, and if its mood is bad, then it can run away by uprooting the pegs, so that the old…
Corona infection continues to increase in Uttarakhand, new cases have surfaced
Chinese troops then tried to capture the peaks on the south shore of Pangong Lake via
Revolution is useless in the slums of the dead, it is useless to awaken those who have got used to living in slavery.
'Saath Nibhana Saathiya' testing done by collecting audience data, Devolina released teaser
Journalist Punya Prasun and Congress government share photo of injured feet of India's children
After investigative reporting of the day, an attempt to stop Republic Media Network from reporting Sushant Singh case. Are you with the campaign
डीडी न्यूज़ के ख़ास कार्यक्रम में देखिए देशदुनिया की अहम ख़बरें मिनट में 
लालू यादव की मनमानी का जेल IG के पत्र ने किया खुलासा, NDA ने गुप्त मीटिंग पर उठाए सवाल रिपोर्टः
विस्थापतों की सामूहिक आत्महत्या के पीछे की जो कहानी, वो काफी चौंकाने वाली है। जहाँ पाकिस्तान में हिन्दुओं की दुर्दशा किसी से छिपी नहीं है, वहीं अब जब वो भारत आकर शरण लेते हैं फिर भी उन्हें तमाम दिक्कतों का सामना करना पड़ता है।
अबे पगले कालूतोष ए पढ़ चीन रो रहा है  ऐ चीन का आधिकारिक बयान है 
If Raghuram Rajan's opinion is included in the data of the loss of informal sector, then the GDP has declined more than ever.
Wow wow ... even martyred the soldiers, gave them the land and also agreed that China had not entered our area, gave China a good chit, now you say what the leader of China, what leader should say Broker who
बंगाल में हिंदुओं के साथ क्या हो रहा है क्या ममता बनर्जी वहां बिल्कुल भी नहीं हैं ग्रामीणों ने महिला को बेरहमी से पीटना शुरू कर दिया । वह कुछ कहना चाह रही थी, लेकिन हम इसे समझ नहीं पाए । वास्तव में, उनके असंगत भाषा ने संदेह को हवा दी कि वह बांग्लादेश से एक तस्कर थी । कुछ युवाओं ने महिला के कपड़े फाड़ दिए और उसे आंशिक रूप से मुंडन कर दिया । फ़िर उन्होंने उसे एक ट्रैक्टर से बांध दिया और तीन घंटे तक उसकी पिटाई की एक स्थानीय निवासी ने नाम न छापने की शर्त पर एचटी को बताया ।
The Chief Minister has instructed that to speed up development plans, the Commissioner of Agricultural Production, Commissioner of Infrastructure and Industrial Development, Additional Chief Secretary, Chief Secretary and Head of Department should inspect their subordinate offices ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
Sara wants Sachin Pilot to join BJP.
टीम की बैठक में सीएम योगी सख्त, डोर टू डोर सर्वेज्यादा से ज्यादा टेस्टिंग के दिये निर्देश
In Uttar Pradesh, infrastructure, investment and plans will be implemented for each sector. Emphasis will be laid on employment and manpower. This will prove to be a milestone for the development of the state ACS, Home and Information, Mr.
बिहार में पानी की मुद्दा कब से हो गई पानी में डूबी रहती बिहार मुद्दा सृजन घोटाला जिसके जरिए इस घोटाले से अपनी बहन के लिए करोड़ की हीरे की हार खरीदी है बालिकागृह जहां से सैकड़ों की संख्या में छोटी छोटी बच्ची को बीजेपी जेडीयू के नेता ने बलात्कार की नाबालिग को गर्भवती
आदरणीय PM श्री जी की प्रेरणा से GST काउंसिल द्वारा राज्यों को राजस्व प्राप्ति हेतु प्रस्तावित मॉडल अभिनंदनीय है। यह प्रयास कोरोना काल में जनहित के कार्यों को सुचारू रखने में सहायी होगा। इस सकारात्मक प्रयास हेतु मा. वित्त मंत्री श्रीमती जी का आभार।
Mafia don Atik Ahmad's brother-in-law, Asarf's brother-in-law, Zaid's bungalow, got mixed up in the soil, no pandemonium survives from Baba Ji's wrath
In the case of destroying his own party, Sanjay Raut Miles is leading by defeating Mani Shankar, Digvijay Singh…
To jaysinghgundahai mar saale
Uttar Pradesh became the head of the Corona investigation. According to the WHO standard, there should be thousand tests per day in the crore population of the state, whereas here one and a half lakh tests are being done daily.
दिशा केस का सच क्या R. भारत के कैमरे पर पोस्टमॉर्टम स्टाफ देखते रहें रिपब्लिक भारत 
A study by the Wuhan Institute on bats and bat hunters in Coronavirus Nagaland will be investigated. Shrouded in privacy
यदि मुझ जैसे दलित को कांग्रेस अध्यक्ष बनाया जाता तो पार्टी फिर से मजबूत होती  उदित राज. . सिब्बल  तीस साल तलवे चाटने के बाद भी मुझे बीजेपी का एजेंट बता दिया तो तूं किस खेत की मूली है गधे 
कृपया सम्बंधित थाने पर लिखित शिकायत दर्ज कराएं, आवश्यक कार्यवाही की जाएगीl
Drone attack on agate
पत्नी की मौत और लॉकडाउन ने अभिषेक को तोड़ दिया था, सिलेंडर में आग लगाकर खुद को उड़ा लिया
Recognizing this person running from the backyard of his own house .. Hint is the chief minister of a BJP-ruled state. Believe me
Congress party again exposed .. The founder of Congress party was foreigner, the voters of Congress are also foreign Bangladeshi and Rohangia and now another scam has surfaced .. Manak Ki Baat on YouTube has dislike Turkey and Pakistan .. The entire party is foreign.
भले ही भारत के हजारों युवाओं को आज तकलीफ़ हो रही होगी पर उनके मा बाप बोहोत खुश होंगे । अब समय ही समय है पड़ने के लिए और परीक्षा देने की लिए ।
See, English players embarrassed against DRS demand
जर्मनी में यह बच्चा तीन आँखों वाला पैदा हुआ है । यह अजूबा देखकर दुनिया हैरान है।इस महामारी में यह बच्चा कहीं भगवान का रूप तो नहीं हैं 
Video's Fatal Ball Out for First Time in Year
पंजाब की कांग्रेस सरकार में मंत्री नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू एक बाद फिर सुर्खियों में हैं। इस बार वो अपने बयान को लेकर नहीं, बल्कि एक फोटो को लेकर चर्चा में हैं। दरअसल, पाकिस्तान सिख गुरुद्वारा प्रबंधक कमेटी के महासचिव गोपाल सिंह चावला ने सोशल मीडिया पर नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू की एक तस्वीर
Gold first fell and then rose sharply, know what happened now via new price
केजरीवाल की आंखे  भर आईं और बोले मेरे से ज्यादा गाली खाने वाला कोई तो C M है इस देश में
The Confederation National President Dr. Udit Raj created the Supreme Court by encircling the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court is for the rich, the Confederation is raising the voice in the entire country against the Supreme Court giving anti-reservation verdict.
Both are also unworthy
बंगलौर के बाद, अनूपपुर मध्य प्रदेश मे फेसबुक पोस्ट के लिए मुस्लिम समुदाय के 30 लोगों ने मिलकर बीच बाजार मे दौड़ा दौड़ा कर मारा । बस हिंदू ही है जिसको कानून पर पूरा भरोसा है धन्य हो 
Twenty teachers from Bihar, including seven women teachers, will receive the State Teacher Award, here is the complete list
 क्या जुत्तों से ोरोनावायरस संक्रमण फैलता है जूते से ोरोना के फैलने और लोगों को संक्रमित करने की सम्भावना बहुत कम है।
Just mention the Corona cases of Gujarat, sir ... By the way, the condition of Madhya Pradesh is so good that lockdown has to be imposed ... at least in Rajasthan, it is not happening brother.
Bitch Some people are yogis. Those who want to force their householders into the household life, but the purpose of life of such people is something else. Though you are illiterate like Pappu but still you are an example
People were hanging upside down for an hour ..
जम्मू और कश्मीर में चल रहे सैन्य अभियानों का वीडियो है ।
More than a million AK47 rifle deals with Russia, firing through minutes via
Realme V3 may be the company's cheapest live smartphone
अंत्योदय योजना के अन्तर्गत मी. टन गेहूं का वितरण, मी. टन चावल तथा मी. टन चना का वितरण किया गया ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
दलितों की हत्या पर परिवार में सरकारी नौकरी वाली बात पर राजनीति शुरू हो गई है. आरजेडी नेता तेजस्वी यादव ने आरोप लगाया कि ये दलित समुदाय के लोगों की हत्या को बढ़ावा देने जैसा है. साथ ही उन्होंने कहा कि ओबीसी और सामान्य वर्ग को इससे अलग रखा गया है.
 क्या सुशांत की हत्या के समय बिजनेस डील की बात, हत्या के सच को छिपाने के लिए की गई जाने इस मुद्दे पर अर्नब की राय
Former President Pranab Mukherjee passed away, Home Minister and Defense Minister expressed grief
मध्यप्रदेश में के ऑक्सीमित्र घरघर जाकर कर रहे हैं ऑक्सीजन जांच।
अंत्योदय के संकल्प के सिपाही के कर्मठ कार्यकर्ता सैय्यद जफर इस्लाम जी को संसद के उच्च सदन राज्य सभा का सदस्य निर्वाचित होने की बधाई। सदन में आपकी गरिमामयी उपस्थिति लोक हितकारी सिद्ध होगी। आपके अनुभव का लाभ संगठन व जनता को प्राप्त होगा। विजय श्री पर मेरी शुभकामनाएं
Brother-in-law, you have some sense that you work in Bollywood, Father, because of your uncle, you are otherwise, you do not have the slightest voice, not worth it, you can not compare your sister to Pappu because you are so much Not impetuous. Dragnet, drunken bastard born of nepotisms.
ोरोनावायरस से पुलिस इंस्पेक्टर की मौत, फूलपुर कोतवाल शेर सिंह तोमर की मौत, मौत से पुलिस महकमे में शोक की लहर, कोरोना से कई दिनों से पीड़ित थे तोमर.
अंक गिरकर पर और अंक गिरकर पर बंद
Please, for information and necessary action.
Jio Fiber's new plans now start at Rs, free day service for new customers
महावीर कैन्सर संस्थान पटना निकम्मी सोई हुई सरकार क्या व्यवस्था है कहाँ है भ्रष्टाचारी दलाल स्वास्थ्य मंत्री
Mullahs hiding the empty utensils in mosques so that more and more of these epidemics can spread …… .These mullahs are already in KORONA. These people know and the government is treating them by catch, After all, why …… Corona is not spreading in India but is being spread. Watch video in ...
Whatever number and group you have on whatsapp, not a single one should be missed, send this video to everyone, it is Shakeel Ahmed Ansari, teacher of DPS SCHOOL Rajbag of Valsad, share it so that both this teacher and the school are closed. Due to the video becoming viral, there is a lot of difference and action is taken which should not be pity, they should keep their mouths closed.
The people of Delhi have once again started the war against dengue, in the next week-long procession, on the first Sunday, I also changed the clear water stored in my house and eliminated the possibility of mosquito breeding. Every Sunday, dengue strikes
कश्मीर है भारत का। इस गाने का विरोध पाकिस्तान ने किया था और रेडियो सीलोन ने इस गाने को नहीं बजाने के लिए कहा था। वाह रे हमारी कांग्रेस सरकार। इस गीत पर भी चुपचाप प्रतिबंध लगा दिया। उस व्यक्ति को सलाम जो अब इस गीत को यूट्यूब पर लाया है जन्नत की है ये तस्वीर ये तस्वीर न देंगे। कश्मीर है भारत का, कश्मीर न देंगे
Results have started coming from Sweden too… Now the seal of secularism has started sealing on the faces of the women of Sweden too .. The nuisance like Sweden is getting heard from Norway and England too .. Now the important question is this That those who are afraid in India .. Where will those poor people go now. Modi resign
Think what would happen when not a single student could take the exam and your boss would make this session zero. As such, the facts are worth considering.
Singh is not hostile to any Hhab. He only distinguishes between Kalam and Kasab, and defines the ritual of jihad and harmony. Ram
If you kill Sadhus and become a Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj tomorrow, do not say this, fear in India.
In Gujarat, in the monsoon Ambaji, in an hour of water, there was such a strong flow on the road that even four boys could not stop the scooty
There is a master stroke to divert attention from the real issues, but we are not going to go astray from Gobi ji
. As soon as our government is formed, we will give loan of thousands of crores to Pakistan without interest for years. . Kashmir should be given to Pakistan. . My ancestors were Muslims, I am Muslim. . I became a fake Hindu for vote bank.
LJP की अहम बैठक आज, लिया जा सकता है ये महत्वपूर्ण फैसला 
Bharatiya Janata Party's Rajya Sabha MP Subramaniam Swamy is showering on his own party's IT cell.
Kovid 19 vaccine race in the world, know what is the situation of other countries including India
Brother-in-law Gyan Baba should go to jail and his support is also lacking due to taking drugs
यह परीक्षा केंद्रों और सरकार परीक्षा आयोजित करना चाहती है
Will any maulvi fatwa come out, now it seems that Islam will not come under threat, because the daughter of Taimur's father is not there
सेंट्रल बोर्ड ऑफ सेकंडरी एजुकेशन CBSE ने वीं और वीं के रिजल्ट की तारीखों की घोषणा कर दी है। कक्षा का रिजल्ट जुलाई और कक्षा का रिजल्ट जुलाई को आने वाला है।
Covid19 Vaccine एस्ट्राजेनेका ने जापान में शुरू किया पहले और दूसरे चरण का मानव परीक्षण
After month, Yellow Line of Delhi Metro increased speed
Friends sad news that Dr. Vandana Tiwari ji died last week, she had gone to a village in UP for corona test but jihadists attacked her and seriously injured a warrior who saved the lives of the last seven. She was fighting to the death to save her life from the day, but she lost soulful reverence
You did not listen to the news of selling children, you did not hear the news behind due to starvation poor, the country was completely ruined in the name of giving contractor work, the condition which was prevalent in the British era, for the sake of perennial civil rash. Same condition now
Friends, now that game has been banned, but continue to do it here and there in Liberalchmacho, the heart will find peace and virtue together…
Rakhi Sawant neither comes in films nor makes any episodes, after all, what is the cost?
Ladakh and Lakshadweep have been included in the existing National Portability Group of One Nation One Ration Card. Overseas PDS beneficiaries in the States / UTs can now get subsidized grains from any fair price shop of their choice. Details
Gandhiji touching Baba Sahib's feet. You will not get this photo anywhere. Spread it.
यूपी में तेजी से बढ़ रहे कोरोना के मामले, बोलीं सीएम योगी का बयान हास्यास्पद
Vikas Dubey was identified by Lakhan Yadav, Commando Pradeep Yadav slapped and Ujjain Thanaprabhari was arrested by Ruby Yadav. Abhay Yadav also did an encounter with Vikas Dubey. The regiment is our
जस्ट इन प्रशांत भूषण ने सर्वोच्च न्यायालय में एक जनहित याचिका दायर की जिसमें सरकार के चीनी ऐप्स पर प्रतिबंध लगाने के आदेश का हवाला देते हुए कहा कि उन्हें कोई सुरक्षा का खतरा नहीं है, लेकिन सरकार ने केवल विशेष समुदाय को परेशान करने वाले ऐप्स पर प्रतिबंध लगा दिया है, जो टिकटॉक पर नए सुपरस्टार थे फाइल फ़ोटो।
As it is growing rapidly, RSS workers are fully prepared to help those who are affected by it, salute the volunteers. Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh workers were engaged in relief and rescue operations during Cyclone Fani
देवरिया सदर विधान सभा क्षेत्र के विधायक श्री जन्मेजय सिंह के आकस्मिक निधन की खबर सुनकर शोक हुआ। श्री सिंह के निधन से पार्टी ने एक समर्पित कार्यकर्ता तथा जनता ने अपना सच्चा हितैषी खो दिया है। प्रभु श्री राम से प्रार्थना है कि उनकी आत्मा को अपने श्री चरणों मे स्थान दें। ॐ शांति
लंबे समय से ये बातें उठती रही हैं कि हमारे बच्चे बैग और बोर्ड एग्ज़ाम के बोझ तले, परिवार और समाज के दबाव तले दबे जा रहे हैं। इस पॉलिसी में इस समस्या को प्रभावी तरीके से address किया गया है PM
Explosions at American restaurants, KFC and Hardy in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, after first Israeli commercial flight operations in Muslim country. Message in operation
How much loss means that even Kejri falls, where the trapped kick
आंध्र प्रदेश से पेट्रोल पंप की मशीन से जुड़ा मामला सामने आया है. यहां के चित्तूर ज़िले की पुट्टूर रोड में फ्यूल डिस्पेंसर मशीन में चिप लगाकर तेल कम बेचा जा रहा था. पुलिस को पता चला तो छापेमारी हुई.
‘टर्मिनेटर डार्कफेट’ के बाद इस धमाकेदार सीरीज से होगी अर्नाल्ड की वापसी, यहां पाइए पूरी डिटेल
पोस्टमार्टम के दौरान डॉक्टरों को एक जांबाज पुलिस वाले के हाथ में कुछ लिखा मिला। डॉक्टरों ने जब हाथ पर लगे खून को हटाया तो एक गाड़ी का नंबर सामने आया। पुलिसकर्मी समझ गया था कि बदमाश उसे मार देंगे।
Didi history is taken, then Muslims have demolished Hindu religious temples and built mosques; Mecca Medina had broken idols of Hindu religions.
Another audio related to the popular Bikeru scandal of Kanpur has surfaced
You must recognize this bitch, you must see the truth of it yourself, you keep on talking nonsense about being Indian, you should be hanged or should be expelled such people
meaning. India Today is talking to the editor of Hindi. Will the productive activities of lakh crores in the country end forever? Major states that will suffer the loss of this decline
Nasiruddin Shah's health deteriorates after Irrfan and Rishi Kapure
I found more new patients today.
डॉक्टरों ने महिला के मुंह से निकाला फीट लंबा सांप
Naam Sanaa aka Heer aka Pari .. When the teeth just come out of its clutches, it was patted on the back that Loo's gas was corrected.
Prime Minister deeply condole the demise of former President 'Bharat Ratna'
Being such a big officer, the work you are doing for the society, the less you will be praised
अंडमान निकोबार प्रशासन ने के दौरान कंटेनमेंट जोन के बाहर क्षेत्रों में कई रियायतें की घोषणा की है। इसके खुलने की अवधि सुबह साढे आठ बजे से लेकर शाम के साढे छह बजे तक होगी। िकोबार जिले में दुकानें सुबह सात से दोपहर दो बजे तक खोलने की अनुमति दी गयी है।
अब मोर को कहीं बेच न दिया जाए 
   दूसरे धर्म के लोगो की कत्ल करने की बात करने वाली किताब को, UN प्रतिबंधित कयु नही करता
India is responding to China in the same way, Doval reviewed the situation
Pakistani doctors show their support, march out; Pakistani doctors support strike of doctors in West Bengal
देखो सबूत के साथ छत्तीसगढ़ विधानसभा सभा चुनाव में बटन कोई भी दबाओ वोट भाजपा को ये डल रही है हाथी पे वोट, जा रही है कमल पर...मशीन चेक होने के बाद से फिर से गड़बड़...
भास्कर एक्सप्लेनर भारत और चीन की सेनाओं के बीच पूर्वी लद्दाख में पैंगॉन्ग झील के पास हुए संघर्ष के बारे में वह सबकुछ जो आपके लिए जानना जरूरी है
जब लोगों को पता चला कि इस अखबार में गांधी जी लिख रहे हैं तो लगभग ढाई हजार लोगों ने पहला संस्करण खरीदा और मुम्बई से अखबार के लिये ऑर्डर आने लगे।
The death of a suspected thief in mob violence in Delhi is as serious as it was in Jharkhand.
And how is the bastard witch
भरपेट कमा लेने के बाद जैसे N95 मास्क बेकार घोषित हो गया। यकीन करें कमाई के बाद सेनेटाइजर, हैंडवाश और immunity booster दवायें भी बेअसर घोषित हो जाएंगी। फिर वैक्सीन से कमाने का दौर शुरू होगा। आप डर बनाये रखिये और हम बाजार बनाये रखते हैं। World Horror Organization WHO.
दोस्ती अगर निकम्मे और नालायक से हो..... तो वो अपने साथ आपकी भी भद्द पिटवा सकता है ये बात शास्त्रों में तो लिखी ही है पर अब ये ज्ञान चीनी विचारक अपने राष्ट्रपति जिनपिंग को दे रहे.. ीनीपाकिस्तान
The commendable work of the policemen of the district, the policemen helped Ajay Singh's family by giving them a day's salary, the assistance of lakhs of rupees, the department handed over the wife of Ajay Singh, the swat team in-charge died from Corona.
स्टाम्प शुल्क कटौती से प्रोत्साहित होंगे खरीदार, बढ़ेगी घरों की डिमांड रियल एस्टेट कंपनियां
Now attempts to infiltrate Chumar fail, India keeps Bolasanis under control
This bastard should be expelled from the Rajya Sabha and taxed.
Gold Price Today Gold Re-Strengthens After Heavy Decline, Price Has Increased Through
Look at what happened in Odishalic, who got happy seeing this condition
Respected sir, you should accept the contribution of oximeter in the interest of the Dwarka assembly team on the occasion of your birthday, which is called upon to donate the oximeter to help people across the country with the sentiment of Bhavatu Sukhin.
Amish Devgan should be read in place of Ajay Devgan
छत्तीसगढ़ में हीरा तस्करी का सबसे बड़ा मामला सामने आया, हीरे बरामद
दो दोस्तों की जिद की कहानी जयपुर के दो दोस्तों ने साल पहले शुरू की अनएकेडमी ‌11 हजार करोड़ रूपए की कंपनी बनी, दुनिया में ऑनलाइन एजुकेशन में छठे नंबर पर
What can I do in a lonely case, to get a pension for a husband who is fighting, is a small business, put life into it which is drowning or to get treatment for the husband or the child is being threatened by the IT cell of BJP or the BJP. What should I do to make my husband dead and removed from the army
ये साले संसद क्या पहुँच जाते हैं, सब चीजों को अपने बाप की जागीर समझने लगते हैं , और सही में इन्हे कुछ दिनों के लिए निकाल देना चाहिए ऐसी हरकतो पर
Start the metro service from today, know important things
जिन लकड़ो को कुतिया भी न देखे उनसे कैसे फँस जाती है ये बेवकूफ लोग 
आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी ने आज रानी लक्ष्मी बाई केंद्रीय कृषि विश्वविद्यालय,झांसी में शैक्षणिक व प्रशासनिक भवन का लोकार्पण किया है। उ.प्र.में राज्य कृषि विश्वविद्यालय पूर्व से संचालित हैं। इन सभी का समेकित प्रयास प्रधानमंत्री जी के संकल्प आत्मनिर्भर किसान को अवश्य सिद्ध करेगा।
Riya Chakraborty's bail plea not canceled from the sessions court. The person who killed Sushant Singh Rajput will now have to remain in jail ..
Begging, how much money do you have, do not talk about merry begging lakhs are lying with Modiji and five bags of potatoes are kept there to make gold of Rahul ji. Till Modiji does not give lakhs of rupees, he will not allow him to step down from the post of Prime Minister.
कंगना रनौत और संजय राउत के बीच पिछले काफी समय से ट्विटर वॉर चल रही है
Major negligence of Meerut Medical College, corona patient's body changed, DM ordered inquiry
What is the biggest confusion Yaksha Yudhishthira, why the same question again and again Yaksha because I still feel that ... my one is different
   केजरीवाल की आंखे  भर आईं और बोले मेरे से ज्यादा गाली खाने वाला कोई तो C M है इस देश में
अलविदा प्रणब मुखर्जी 19352020
कुशीनगर इंटरनेशनल एयरपोर्ट को एयरपोर्ट अथॉरिटी ऑफ इंडिया द्वारा टेकओवर किया गया है। वर्तमान में हवाई पट्टी का कार्य पूरा हो गया है। वहां पर सिविल एविएशन की बिल्डिंग का काम चल रहा है ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
More than thousand new cases of corona in the country, more deaths in the last hour
Suresh Raina in his tweet mentioned the incident with family, this demand from Punjab Police
Silence against oppression means supporting it.
की कॉल रिकॉर्ड से पता चला है कि वे अपने पिता के सम्पर्क में थे।
Congratulations to all the citizens of India, do not speak India. Since June, the name of India in every language will be India only.
ये है छत्तीसगढ़ के मै न पाट जहा पर पानी अपनी उल्टी दिशा में बहता है नीचे से उपर की तरफ बहता है ये अद्भुत है।।
After raiding Kaizan, we raided many areas, drugs and foreign currency have been recovered in the raid. Watch NCB YouTube live TV on Republic India
The anticipation is building with a possible meeting between Chinese Defense Minister V Fang and his Indian counterpart Rajnath Singh in Moscow on Friday. Experts said China would not deny efforts to ease the current tensions.
कश्मीर हमारा है तो कश्मीरी भी हमारे हैं उनके साथ ज़ुल्म क्यों
Today, when I was coming to the House, a member of the Opposition was standing on his neck with a plank. Seeing them, I remembered the criminal of Meerut, who was walking around in a similar way, apologizing for his crime. In UP, no hope can be expected from opposition parties with a divisive mindset.
You will not know when the bandage will jump from right to left.
Some spoons are saying that Rahul Gandhi has gone abroad because he has to bring a machine to raise GDP, like he brought a machine to make gold from potato.
Those who hate Muslims speak today. See also the love of countrymen for Irrfan Khan. The hatred is with the actions of Kasab. Kalam and Irfan live in their hearts.
Union minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal resigns from cabinet to protest against farmers bill. One party finds out that it is a traitor, it is a government to sell the country. It is not right to live with it. Who is a nationalist, is kicking out the minister. Know is traitor
This video is being shared on social media in the name of Patna and Delhi Hospital. Actually this video is from Patna Mahaveer Cancer Institute, read full report
Do not sit silent by celebrating the unemployed unemployed day, you will also be associated with farmer students, you will also be shown fear, but you do not back down from the issue of unemployment. Police will be trying to silence you by showing fear. Shake two delhi
सासससुर और देवर विधवा महिला को घर से निकाला, दिनों से भटक रही है महिला, भूखीप्यासी बच्चों के साथ भटक रही महिला, एसपी कार्यालय पहुंचकर महिला ने लगाई न्याय की गुहार, अतर्रा थाना के लोधारा गांव का मामला।
चिंतामनी  क्या दिव्यांग व्यक्ति के लिए भी है कोई बीमा पॉलिसी
Poverty, unemployment, starvation, blacks out the appearance of good, employment was a job, everything was snatched away.
Upcoming wearable device can be launched this month, Xiaomi's affordable smartwatch and cheaper fitness band, know price and features
If the land given to China in the bailout came back today, Lehru would have died again if he were alive.
वो दिन दूर नहीं जब यही युवा सत्ता का परिवर्तन करेंगे और व्यवस्था का भी परिवर्तन करेंगे।
People of Bihar are going to make Jharkhand in Bihar as well
Despite the steep decline in GDP, the stock market rose.
The most fruitless movement is the movement against corruption. No one is afraid of the anti-corruption movement. This is the kind of entertainment that a political party sometimes sports, such as a kabaddi match. Hari Shankar Parsai
Five years ago, he sent it to the Whats app of Hi Likha ... . The bastard has got his son reprinted today ... Cute Baby Contest. To get votes in ..
In which world are you living, Rajput will vote, stop dreaming, take up the issue related to Bihar, the man who takes drugs can not be Bihar's son.
नंबर चार का बल्लेबाजी क्रम विश्व कप में भारत की हार की बड़ी वजह बना. ये वाकई इतनी बड़ी दिक्कत थी या इसे दिक्कत बनाया गया. पढ़िए वरिष्ठ खेल पत्रकार का आंकलन
शिवपुरी कोई भी बाइक से न जाए अभी नेशनल पार्क से छूटे दो शेर आने जाने वालों को किया जख़्मी लोगों को मारा ।
What will happen like this goons of desks have gone to this holy parliament, so the goons of the road are behaving in the parliament, they are the only voters
Medicine was not invented in the era of Rasululula. When the Mominas complained of stomach pain, they used to drink the urine of our Rasul Saab and they did not have stomach pain. Fatwa is the medicine of infidels. In the stomach ache we are happy to use Maulana's urine.
अगर सो चुके हो तो जागो वालो देखो बंगाल में हिंदुओं के साथ क्या हो रहा है।
I am rewa Murdos are also stolen here among other things. Is there any human organ trafficking
Railways worry about not getting home during festivals
Antonio Mino and Raul Vinci went abroad to cure the secret disease, which is such a disease, both of whom are cured in the country…
The Pilleswaramdev Temple is of Mochal Sirohi. Everyday, these family members think of the temple servant as their own and sleep with them. If you have a sense of belonging to innocent and innocent animals, then the animal does not harm you in any way, no matter how dangerous.
डब्ल्यूएचओ ने पाकिस्तान की तारीफ के पुल बांधी है क्यों ने बांधे पाकिस्तान ने कोरोना समाप्त कर दी करोना से जंग जीत गई पाकिस्तान भारत मूर्खों की देश जहां की आबादी करोड़ आधी आबादी इस बीमारी के चपेट में अंधभक्त ज्ञान किताब में बकवास में नहीं ताली थाली बजाओ
The Queen's renunciation is repeatedly bowed to by Queen Radhika Raje Gaekwad of Baroda, who has been declared by Forbes magazine as the most beautiful woman of the Indian state dynasty. The Laxmi Villa Palace is spread over the fold size of Baroda Acres and Buckingham Palace. It is the largest private residence in the world. Leaving all, the initiation of Jain Sadhvi, when the clouds of disgust are enveloped in the sky of the mind, then the splendor of the world seems to fade like the dry leaves of the tree, the companions do not just run after money and name, nothing will go in the funeral pyre.
घटिया ओरत आ गई ओकाद पे, हिन्दू मुस्लिम की बात करने की हिम्मत कैसे हुए तेरी , कमीनी देश की एकता को तोड़ने की कोशिश कर रही है, India never forgive you. Jai Hind 
Today is the chance to buy more, the starting price is Rs.
India Today Media Institute is giving you the opportunity to learn the tricks of journalism with the country's no news channel. Visit to register
भारतचीन सीमा पर मातृभूमि की रक्षा करते हुए शहीद हुए झुंझुनूं जिले के हुकुमपुरा गाँव के वीर सपूत सूबेदार शमशेर अली खान जी की शहादत को शत शत नमन। परमपिता परमेश्वर दिवंगत आत्मा को शांति प्रदान करें व परिजनों को यह दुख सहन करने का संबल प्रदान करे।
जीबी रोड में रहने वाली एक सेक्स वर्कर ने सुनाई लॉकडाउन में अपनी ज़िंदगी की कहानी
शिक्षा नीति से जितना शिक्षक, अभिभावक जुड़े होंगे, छात्र जुड़े होंगे, उतना ही उसकी प्रासंगिकता और व्यापकता, दोनों ही बढ़ती है। देश के लाखों लोगों ने, शहर में रहने वाले, गांव में रहने वाले, शिक्षा क्षेत्र से जुड़े लोगों ने, इसके लिए अपना फीडबैक दिया था, अपने सुझाव दिए थे PM
... and UP CM Yogi Adityanath took cognizance of Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's letter, sought details of buses and its driver. Now give information about potato buses sent by Congress to take Priyanka migrant laborers
The old picture is not fresh, such an act was done even while the Home Minister had done it earlier, it was the children of the British
Please take necessary action by taking cognizance.
Breaking Pangong's capture of India on black top, Indian army also removed cameras of Chinese soldiers ... Congress is indirectly seeking evidence to wield its political arrows, instead of singing the army's gallantry ... otherwise such Who asks why the enemy is doing like this
गुंडा है कमीना
कश्मीर की जन्नत को जहन्नम की आग बनाने वालों इसमें तुम भी जल सकते हो
CAIT sends a list of companies to Piyush Goyal via inquiry into Chinese investment in startups
Malwa, Bundelkhand, Baghelkhand and Chambal have lost their soybean crop in almost the entire state. Farmers in the state are not only upset but are forced to commit suicide. Madhya Pradesh government should give compensation of Rs per acre to the farmers like Delhi government after conducting crop survey.
Whenever the voices and ears started coming in the Constitution and democracy is in danger ... understand that the watchman caught a new thief, which is why dogs are barking ..
JDU launches party app JDU Live, said CM Nitish will do what Donald Trump did in US
Chinese media threatens India, says this time America will not help either
सुबह में पेले भाईजान दोपहर में अब्बा जान हाथ में ुरान फिर भी खोपड़ी में ाम ुस्लमानसाला, दिन में ाक रात में ाला  फिर ले ंगा ओर करूंगा तुझे ंगा।
को और प्रोत्साहन भारतीय सेना को पिनाका रेजिमेंटों की आपूर्ति के लिए रक्षा मंत्रालय ने भारतीय कंपनियों के साथ करोड़ रुपये मूल्य के अनुबंधों पर हस्ताक्षर किये विवरण
The blood of a Hindu is red, the blood of a Muslim, tell who is a Hindu, who is a Muslim, the blood of a suvar and the blood of a dog is also red, when the Shia people cannot become a brother of Sunni, then what will be the fate of a Hindu to remember the blood of a traitor and a traitor Jai Shri Ram is also red to all friends
इरफान खान और ऋषि कपूर के निधन के बाद जब नसीरुद्दीन शाह की तबीयत बिगड़ने की खबरें आईं तो लोग
Justice HR Khanna's decision had changed the approach of Kesavanand Bharti case
ये दवाइयां कोविड19 से संक्रमित मरीज के संपर्क में आने वाले लोगों के लिए कारगर हैं।
Doctor Kafeel Khan gave this answer on the question of entering politics
Viral video claimed that 'chowkidar chor hai' raised slogans against PM Modi's return from West Bengal tour
भारत के पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी से जुड़ी कोई याद जो आज आप साझा करना चाहें...
Antonio Mino and Raul Vinci went abroad to cure the secret disease, which is such a disease which is not possible in the country.
केंद्रीय कैबिनेट ने हाल ही में इस केंद्रशासित प्रदेश की राजभाषाओं में डोगरी, कश्मीरी और हिंदी को शामिल करने के प्रस्ताव को मंजूरी दे दी है. राजभाषाओं की लिस्ट में शामिल होने से उन भाषाओं को जाननेसमझने वालों को क्या हासिल होता है
कन्टेनमेन्ट जोन के बाहर पढ़ने वाले क्षेत्रों में कक्षा से तक के विद्यार्थियों को अध्यापकों से मार्गदर्शन हेतु स्कूलों में स्वैच्छिक आधार पर जाने की अनुमति होगी ACS, गृह व सूचना, श्री जी
दिल्ली दंगों के आरोपी ताहिर की बड़ी मुशकिले, ताहिर हुसैन की ED कस्टडी बढ़ी, दिल्ली दंगे में आरोपी है ताहिर हुसैन, सितंबर तक बढ़ी ईडी कस्टडी, मनी लांड्रिंग मामले में चल रही जांच।
ईरानी ट्रॉफी पे ही ध्यान नही दीजिये मोदी जी। देश के युवा के भविष्य पे ध्यान दीजिए जिस से अपने ज़िंदगी का जो लक्ष्य है उसको जीत सके।
CBI has done many rounds of questioning with many people including Riya Chakraborty, CBI did not feel special
In this country, from the girls of the month to the old women of the year, the Modi government will continue to be raped every day…
मोदी जी अपनी इंच वाली छवि बचाये रखने के लिए चीन का नाम नही लिया जबकि राष्ट्रपति की क्या मजबूरी थी कि इशारों में कहा amp नाम लेने से बचे।
शहीद भूपेंद्र सिंह चौहान का पार्थिव शरीर आज पहुंचेगा चरखी दादरी, महीने पहले ही बने थे पिता
Signs of lanina due to drop in temperature and change in air, possibility of rain and early cold throughout September
Sadhus are the foundation of Sanatan Dharma, if they cannot get justice, then all of us Hindus should not expect any justice in future, if there were any sections in place of sadhus, then they would have made a big issue but sadly they were Hindus
The Bampanth leadership Delhi University Teachers Union keeps the Savarn amp Left Teachers safe even when there is no workload. In our case, the picket started immediately. When the head teacher is not teaching after joining the Dalit teacher Dr. Ritu Singh's Daulatram College, then only show it.
If Modi had to fill his house, he would have spent the year as CM of Gujarat. He loves his country, not just a chair. A picture of an American woman campaigning for Modi is being viral on social media
If you want to attack, attack me. Stop attacking my Dalit brothers. If you have to shoot then shoot me, but not my Dalit brothers dear MP Police, please accept this sir's condition.
Sir, as you called on your birthday, oximeters, total oximeters from all booths of the Wazirpur Assembly are being presented to you as a gift.
How long will the news channel name in the theater tweet your opinion Watch LIVE
जल्दी संक्रमण की चपेट में आने वाले बुजुर्ग, अस्वस्थ, गर्भवती महिलाओं और साल से कम उम्र के बच्चों को हर घर पर ही रहने की सलाह दी जाती है।
With the conditions in Delhi, the Yellow Line Metro started again today. In the first phase, Delhi Metro will run from two in the morning till two in the afternoon and from noon to night.
Without the name of a hari, this woman is a bitch. Will put
In the middle of the street, girls beat each other up a lot. Poorab Paschim
bc what fixing is done, the brothers took the end to the end and immediately took wickets and now took the match in the super over so that the bookies would get ruined….
केन्द्रीय रेल तथा वाणिज्य और उद्योग मंत्री ने फ्रेट कॉरिडोर कॉरपोरेशन इंडिया लिमिटेड डीएफसीसीआईएल के कार्यो की प्रगति की समीक्षा की विवरण
Mizoram Governor P Sreedharan Pillai, Chief Minister Zoramthanga have mourned the death of Rambukhjee.
Deputy Commissioner RK Singh inspected the work of Eigirdawari running in the fields of Faizabad and Khaira villages of Mahendergarh district. During this, he examined the entries made by the Patwaris through manuals and tablets.
Accusation of extorting a minor by extorting, a charge of exorcising a young man from the village, action not taken on the complaint of the victim, the case of Purakala police station area Mazra Shankargarh.
कमलनाथ के निजी सचिव के करोड़ की चोरी से कांग्रेस का कोई लेना देना नहीं है ऐसी छोटी मोटी चोरी करना कांग्रेस की आदत नहीं है वो इतने दिन से पूछ रहे थे कि काला धन कहाँ है कमलनाथ के यहाँ छापा मारकर निकाल दिया तो बुरा मान गए
Brother-in-law is jaynasinghunda
कमीनी होति है लडकिया
कोंग्रेसी को समझाना —— मतलब घदे को समझाना——— साले एसे डीट है रगों में ग़ुलामी का खून भरा है केसे समझेंगे नहीं समझेंगे उनको लगता है भारत चमचों के बाप की जागीर है BJP भाजपा तो जेसे— कोई काम ढंग से कर ही नहीं रही तुमको नहीं लगेगा क्यूँ की तुम ग़ुलाम हो कोंग्रेस के 
प्रणब दा को आखिरी विदाई LIVE राष्ट्रपति कोविंद, पीएम मोदी और लोकसभा स्पीकर बिड़ला ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति को घर जाकर श्रद्धांजलि दी, कोरोना प्रोटोकॉल के साथ होगा अंतिम संस्कार
Students 'Twitter' social on Twitter about SSC Railway exam and results
रक्षा मंत्री ने प्रणब मुखर्जी को दी श्रद्धांजलि लाइव अपडेट्स 
जुलाई, आधार 12100 में आठ कोर उद्योगों का सूचकांक विवरण 
जानिए के तहत किन गतिविधियों की अनुमति नहीं 
उक्त वीडियो किस जनपद से सम्बंधित है कृपया अवगत कराएँ ताकि हम अग्रिम कार्यवाही कर सकें
मुस्लमान दिन मे कम से कम अपने अल्हा का नाम पाँच बार लेते है मगर हिंन्दु अपने भागवान का नाम लेने भी शर्माते है   जय श्री राम 
Everything is the same, just the setup of the stage changed. When it was Dhoni, it was a conference hall, for Saheb to have another event there, then the general ward of the hospital was made and the soldiers were told that they were injured. Murali Prasad Sharma used to do the same, he is his Munna Bhai MBBS
कंगना से विवाद के बीच संजय राउत का ट्वीट, मेरी हिम्मत परखने की गुस्ताखी न करना
Mutual funds also considered safe, making losses, ordinary investors getting frustrated via
अब कौन कहेगा “बंदे आ गए. बंदे या गए.” क्या अपना डाइनमो अब किसी और गेम में स्नाइपिंग करते हुए “पट्ट से हेडशॉट” कहेगा एक नज़र पबजी मोबाइल स्लैंग्स PUBG Mobile slangs पर डाल लेते हैं.
The news of this disclosure by WikiLeaks is becoming increasingly viral on social media. Raul Vinci means Rahul Gandhi is married and has two children. Is this news really true, should it be done through public disclosure
This is a group of fools, has ruined and ruined India, only knows how to beat a jackal, it shoots a gun at its citizen and keeps it silent by scaring it with a sword.
How will the weather be in the capital Delhi and NCR today, know here
On September, a very rare video of Swami Vivekananda who gave a wonderful speech at the Inter National All Religion Summit.
When people realize that your job is just to fight brother to brother, just to spread hatred in the country, then slowly on your tweet…
Justice of Ritu Singh, a Dalit teacher who was victim of caste discrimination in the capital of the country, should get justice. Yesno
 कोरोना वैक्सीन सबसे पहले किसे मिलेगी, जानें वैश्विक स्वास्थ्य विशेषज्ञों का त्रिस्तरीय प्लान
Nagas have gathered in the state after the attack on saints in Palghar
सच बोलना कंटेप्ट ऑफ कोर्ट नही है ।
Yogi Baba not satisfied with Mukhtar Ansari and Atiq Ahmad, now has given notice to break the resort of Azam Khan
Fans have liked this picture of Shweta a lot and this picture is getting a lot of reactions
Happiest Minds IPO opens today, good opportunity for investors via earnings
In a WhatsApp message, it has been claimed that under the Prime Minister's Unemployed Allowance Scheme, the Government of India is giving ₹ per month to all the unemployed.
मनुवादी व्यवस्था दिल्ली यूनिवर्सिटी में दलित टीचर को क्लास लेने नहीं दे रही है मोदी तेरे बाप के राज नहीं है तुम्हारे बाप की देश नहीं है जो दलित टीचर क्लास नहीं लेगी तुम्हारे गुंडे और आतंकवादी के कहने से
रिलायंस और फ्यूचर का सौदा बेहद करीब, शनिवार को मिल सकती है हरी झंडी via
Come on… Mumbai is our father's Mumbai
जैसे अपना घर बनाने के लिए रोज़ थोड़ा थोड़ा पैसा जोड़ते हैं, अपने परिवार को सुरक्षित बनाने के लिए हिंदू संगठनों से जुड़ना शुरू करें
DRDO's UV Tower Corona to Transition Affected Areas in Less Time
Delhi Capital head coach Ricky Ponting attended the first net session on Tuesday evening after completing a week's self isolation in Dubai
इसका मतलब अमिताभ की रगों में नेहरू का खून दौड़ रहा है  साला परिवार है या छेदन।।
पोखरण में परमाणु क्षमताओं का प्रदर्शन हो या इसरो का मिशन मंगलयान या उपग्रहों को एक साथ प्रक्षेपित करने का विश्व रिकॉर्ड या डीआरडीओ सहित अन्य संस्थानों की उपलब्धियां। भारतीय वैज्ञानिकों व प्रौद्योगिकी वाहकों ने अपनी विशेष उपलब्धियों से सम्पूर्ण विश्व में अलग पहचान बनाई है।
Little Master Sunil Gavaskar said, Dhoni should have come upstairs to play
The Maharashtra government has banned the penguin emoji.
Shocking these fools dare to burn pictures of Hindu deities in a demonstration against the CAA. What the CAA has to do with the Hindus is their agenda, and the leaders are keeping it
Recovery from auto drivers on the strength of Ashalee, the victim of the auto driver reached SP office with SP district president, complaint to SP of forcibly recovering money, charge of recovery on contractor.
Seeing the manner in which the Indian Army is moving forward, it seems that if the BJP is there for ten more years, then China's stature will be equal to Nepal's .....
जंग की आड़ में चीन की भुखमरी को छिपा रहे जिनपिंग, में भी ऐसे ही थे हालात via
It is to be said with regret that Bharat Bala News went wrong. Fake ALE SC has not ordered to rename India as Bharat from June Fake Alert
Please take necessary legal action.
There have been new cases of Ovid 19 in Gujarat during the last hours while patients have been discharged after treatment. During this time people were confirmed dead.
लोकडाउन में फ्री का राशन , फ्री की रेलवे यात्रा, खाते में मुफ्त के पैसे , महीने तक कि किस्तों को आगे बढ़ाना , मुफ्त इलाज , क्वारंटाइन में खाना और मनरेगा से पैसे लेने के बाद अब भाई लोग इसलिए दुखी है कि गिर गईं  
Doubts about Ramnagar's world famous Ramlila, no preparation yet due to Kovid 19 infection
The joy of the Ram temple is not only in the minds of Indians, but in the minds of every Indian, whether in the country or abroad, in a small procession with a drum drum drawn by the Indian people on the support of the construction of the temple .. Jayashreeram
Share your views on the new National Education Policy in Education Dialogue organized by today and. Under the leadership of Prime Minister, this education policy has brought a vision to make India a Global Knowledge Super Power. Its main objective is nation building.
जनवरी में पुतिन तमिलनाडु के मदुरई में बुलटैमिंग उत्सव, जल्लीकट्टू में भाग ले सकते हैं ।
The shoe of the year-old child, which was the biggest threat to the whole of India and the Indian rulers, for which the largest democratic country is sending thousands of armed forces to kill such innocent children in Kashmir.
Hanumangad, who came to rob the bank with a knife, beat up the people, stoned him and injured him while running away
 पाकिस्तान का ध्वज जहाँ दिखे उस पर देशद्रोह का कानून पास करने वाले योगी बाबा देश के पहले मुख्यमंत्री बने योगी बाबा
केंद्रीय मंत्री रविशंकर प्रसाद ने फेसबुक के CEO मार्क ज़करबर्ग को चिट्ठी लिखकर गंभीर आरोप लगाए हैं.
Modi government can save GDP figures but still save the economy
पाकिस्तानी एयरफोर्स और आर्मी के अफ़सरों के साथ नाचते हुए अभिनन्दन  सैनिकों ने युद्ध के मैदान को मोहब्बत की धरती में तब्दील कर दिया…
लोगों ने दावा किया है कि दो मुंह वाले सांप को धन का देवता कुबेर से रिश्ता होता है। इसके अलावा चीन में पांरपरिक दबाव में मर्दानगी पावर बढ़ाने के काम आता है। मानना है इस सांप को खाने से एड्स जैसी बीमारी से मुक्ति मिल जाती ।
If UP police had done the investigation of Sushant case instead of CBI, by now Riya's relatives would have returned to their homes after eating food at his thirteen
Some Kafir has conspired with you sir. Having taken the goat, he has given it to the goat sir.
वो साधु थे साहब इसलिए इंसाफ नही मिला सिनेमा वाले होते तो सारी दुनिया उनके लिए लड़ती
Dr. Kafeel's release, slap in the face of oppressive power ... Opposition attack on Yogi government
आज माननीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री जी नई राष्ट्रीय शिक्षा नीति के तहत उच्च शिक्षा में होने वाले परिवर्तनकारी सुधारों पर आयोजित सम्मेलन को संबोधित करेंगे जिससे शैक्षिक जगत को माननीय प्रधान मंत्री का मार्गदर्शन मिलेगा।
Protest against the cab in Mohammad Ali Road, Mumbai.
लखनऊ के प्रतिष्ठित कॉन्वेंट स्कूल वीं की छात्रा ने भगवान गणेश पर बनाए आपत्तिजनक मीम, हिंदुओं के प्रति नफरत से है भरी पड़ी। कान्वेंट में पढ़ें या कम स्टैण्डर्ड स्कूल में शुरुआत तो मदरसे से ही होती है। जहाँ ज़्यादतर ज़ाहिल ही शिक्षा देते है
विधायक कुंवर प्रणव सिंह चैंपियन को बीजेपी ने पार्टी से बर्खास्त किया। तमंचे पर डिस्को वाला वीडियो वायरल होने के बाद हुई कार्रवाई
Indian Army complains to Modiji that we will not fight against fake soldiers. Brother-in-law dies as soon as he shows a gun ..
मोदी जी का विकास अभी तक पैदा ही नहीं हुआ और नहीं ही पाएगा कभी।
मौलाना का ऐलान...मस्जिदों को खाली कराने का हुक्म हुआ तो हम मैदान में उतर जाएंगे।
K OBC State Spokesperson Manoj Sen ji took the membership in the hands of Ms. Jee. Best wishes
Meaning the youth do brokerage, but whose they are themselves struggling for bread sir
Nation and nutrition have an unbreakable relationship. Efforts are on for nutritional cards on the lines of report cards. For our children, proper nutrition has a big role to play to show our ability to our students. PM
On the decision of Delhi Government to do thousand tests, the Ministry of Home Affairs is pressurizing not to increase testing. Why is the Home Ministry being prevented by the Ministry of Home Affairs from increasing the testing, Health Minister Shri wrote a letter to the Home Secretary.
Wearing a shoe and worshiping, what will they say. Samajwadi or Namazist UP Police
लोकल लॉकडाउन से रिकवरी पर असर पड़ रहा है संजीव पुरी via
I get very emotional, my soul gets sad, as soon as I looked at the Twitter account of late Rajiv Tyagi, there was a great loss of a Congress spokesperson.
The Pakistani Army returned the sweets sent by the Indian Army on Eid, in fact, the sweets contained ghee and dogs do not digest ghee.
Recognize this as Najeeb with his Najeeb JNU… Najeeb Wami of Nadiab Wami Kami gang.
University of Delhi admission process has started
Torture of Dalit youth by Bigg Boss fame actor Naidu sent home to Mundwalkar. The old man used to work at his house.
Combat Covid 19 with the help of Science and Technology. See how DRDO's UV disinfection tower will help in disinfecting airports, shopping malls, metros, hotels, factories, offices.
Republic TV reached number based on lie & spice. It is known from this that people do not need education, treatment, employment and business.
The name of the doctor who died was Manisha Patil. She was from Mumbai. He examined people and cured them, but they could not save themselves.
P. Chidambaram spoke to NDTV, don't blame God for man-made disaster
Separate Kovid wards were constructed in Ahmedabad hospital on the basis of religion.
Railways to produce billion units of solar power
Respected Prime Minister, please hand over the case of Sushant Singh Rajput murder to CBI so that Sushant's family can get justice,, seeing this picture, it is decided that Sushant Singh has not committed suicide. This picture of Sushant's girlfriend was with Aditya Thackeray, son of Chief Minister Udhav Thackeray.
आज से शुरू हुए श्राद्ध, सितंबर तक होगी पितरों की सेवा
कंगना रनौत बिहार में बीजेपी के लिए चुनाव करेंगी प्रचार
Have heard .. Tomatoes have become traitorous, have crossed Modi's age,
Indian troops push back on China China Face Off PLA report on Chinese post capture
कहीं पर भी कोर्ट के आदेश नहीं मानी जा रही है यह वीडियो बनाकर सुनने में अच्छा ग्राउंड में यह नहीं हो रही है आधार को अपडेट करने के लिए फोन नंबर जोड़ना जरूरी बता रही है
कोविड के कन्फ्यूजन के बीच यह मत भूलो कि कल फेसबुक एक नया नियम शुरू करने जा रहा है। इसके तहत हमारी तस्वीरों का उपयोग किया जा सकता है। उनका इस्तेमाल हमारे खिलाफ मुकदमों में किया जा सकता है। आज कल हम जो भी पोस्ट करते हैं वह सार्वजनिक हो जाता है। यहां तक ​​कि डिलीट किए गए मैसेज भी। इसलिए बाद में पछताने से बेहतर है कि इस मैसेज को अपनी वॉल पर कॉपीपेस्ट करें। मैं फेसबुक को अपनी तस्वीरों, सूचनाओं, संदेशों या पोस्ट का उपयोग करने की अनुमति नहीं देता, न तो अतीत से न ही भविष्य में। मैं फेसबुक को सूचित करता हूं कि इस प्रोफाइल  या इसके कंटेंट का उपयोग मेरे खिलाफ करने की सख्त मनाही है। इस प्रोफ़ाइल का कंटेंट निजी है और इसमें मेरी गोपनीय जानकारी है। मेरे निजी जीवन के उल्लंघन को कानून द्वारा दंडित किया जा सकता है। नोट फेसबुक अब एक सार्वजनिक संस्था है। सभी सदस्यों को इस तरह से एक नोट पोस्ट करना चाहिए। यदि आप चाहें, तो आप इस पोस्ट की एक कॉपी अपने पास रख सकते हैं। यदि आप कम से कम एक बार बयान पोस्ट नहीं करते हैं, तो आप चुपचाप अपनी तस्वीरों का उपयोग करने की अनुमति देंगे। शेयर नहीं, लेकिन कॉपी  पेस्ट।
And congratulated Abhijeet Banerjee on Twitter for winning in theology.
The matter is true, but if Modi has written that "If any Dhannaseth wants to loot the hard earned money of the farmers, then the government will protect it", then you are the only one who will shout at the side of the traders that the government is dictating You guys are bitten by me
JDU की वर्चुअल रैली से पहले चिराग पासवान ने बुलाई LJP नेताओं की बैठक, कर सकते हैं कोई बड़ा फैसला Report 
Drinking tea three times a day will not cause corona.
कई न्यूज़ चैनलों ने इसी घटना की तस्वीर का इस्तेमाल करते हुए दावा किया कि यह हैदराबाद में वेटनरी डॉक्टर के साथ हुए बलात्कार और हत्या के बाद पुलिस द्वारा किये गए एनकाउंटर की वास्तविक तस्वीर है।
Corona is spreading fast in Uttarakhand, know which district is in it
Yogi ji, now again I had to talk to the police station in-charge of Kansi Kala about the incident before the FIR, in which a man was killed on the spot, it is a matter of regret that the police station in-charge is still talking about the investigation It is not an FIR.
NCB begins second round of questioning of Riya, Riya may be arrested by this evening
आपूर्ति श्रृंखला के लचीलेपन पर ऑस्ट्रेलियाभारतजापान के मंत्रियों की बैठक मंत्रियों ने स्वतंत्र, निष्पक्ष, समावेशी, गैरभेदभावपूर्ण, पारदर्शी, और स्थिर व्यापार तथा निवेश माहौल का समर्थन किया
Former President Pranab Mukherjee will be cremated with state honors
Welcome the cleaning staff. Do not discriminate against them. Change your behavior, attack Rona.
The IPL schedule has been released. The BCCI released the full schedule of the tournament on September. The first match will be between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings in Abu Dhabi on September.
Only big businessmen or government employees will be seen shopping in the markets of Delhi.
 पर हाई अलर्ट पर है भारतीय सेना देखिए पूरा शो 
Amid the ongoing political movement in Bihar during the election year, former CM Jitan Ram Manjhi has decided to join the NDA.
Bollywood film actor Naseeruddin Shah's condition deteriorates, hospitalized, has been ill for several days
इस टिक टॉक स्टार का नाम फैसल शेख है. जिस सीरीज़ से फैसल शेख डेब्यू करने जा रहे हैं उसका नाम ‘बैंग बैंग द साउंड ऑफ क्राइम’ है. ये वेब सीरीज़ ऑल्ट बालाजी और ज़ी फाइव मिलकर बना रहे हैं. ट्रेलर रिलीज़ हो चुका है.
जब नौकरी पर काम हिन्दी या अंग्रेजी में करना है तो उर्दू में परिक्षा देने का क्या मतलब है. बहिष्कार  इस्लामिक स्टडी  UPSC
Watch LIVE Watch Prime Time with Ravish Kumar ...
As long as you do not stop distributing ration to the children after taking tax from the children, then this country cannot be benefited
उत्तर प्रदेश में नहीं थम रही मासूमों के साथ हैवानियत, मूकबधिर बच्चे से टीचर ने किया दुष्कर्म, लोगों ने आरोपी टीचर को पकड़कर जमकर पीटा, आरोपी टीचर को पीट पीटकर पुलिस के हवाले किया, देहात कोतवाली इलाके का है पूरा मामला।
सलमान खान ने छोड़ा मुंबई, इतना भी क्या डर है सल्लू मियां,  क्या NCB से डर है, या रिया चक्रवर्ती के खुलासे से 
Latest updates on corona infection
Dainik Jagran busted a committee to investigate scholarship scholarship scam in Punjab
Shivraj government adopts Kejriwal's Delhi model to deal with Corona
A prolific genius, a wonderful hero, a paradigm of patience, the announcement of his retirement from international cricket by the resplendent constellation of Indian cricket, Shri Ji, is the end of an era. You have always raised the value of India, you are the inspiration of youth. My best wishes for new innings
Read the full bulletin on PIB's daily bulletin
Employment Give employment to the student. No one will take ration from you for free. You declare lakh crores. There will be no need to announce. You just give employment to the unemployed student. We already have self-sufficiency
Delhi Police Delhi Police No Terrorists are riots. Crime riots happen with the cooperation of the police. There will be no crime and riots will not happen. Tricolor talking about the Constitution.
Union Minister, inaugurated the Super Specialty Trauma Center of Vijayanagar Institute of Medical Sciences in Bellary, Karnataka online
इस्लाम में किसी के भी साथ सेक्स और हलाला जायज है, चाहे वो आम्मी हो, बहन हो, बेटी हो, बहु हो, भाभी हो, चाची मामी हो, साल कि बच्ची हो या कि बुढ़ी बस औरत हो, जिंदा हो या मृत हो, औरत न मिले तो बकरी हो, कुतिया हो जो भी उपलब्ध हो। जनसंख्या जेहाद
Burying heroes in history, historians focus on events around Delhi.
ानवमल मिलाकर खाना परोसने वाले मोहम्मद ्दुलबासित और ्टी जेल में बंद डेली मेल की विस्तृत रिपोर्ट  भारत में थूक और पेशाब वाली सब्ज़ियों का वीडियो काफी वायरल हुआ था । लेकिन ब्रिटेन में तो हद ही हो गई । यहां रेस्टोरेंट के मालिक मोहम्मद अब्दुल बासित और अमजद भट्टी गैरमुसलमानों को इंसानी मल मिलाकर खाना खिला रहे थे ।
SIT to investigate drugs connection in Sushant case
How can a person be silent on seeing humanity die? Raise voice against injustice
The membership campaign organized in August in Gwalior was completely violated, against which today's colleagues submitted a memorandum demanding that an FIR be lodged against all ministers and MLAs, including those present in the membership drive.
अभिनेता सुशांत सिंह राजपूत केस से जुड़े ड्रग्स मामले में रिया चक्रवर्ती से आज फिर पूछताछ हो रही है.
Sushant Singh Rajput Case: Sushant's friend Siddharth Pithani also reached DRDO Guest House for CBI inquiry.
In all the districts of the state, a PRV of UP Police The van is affiliated with the One Stop Center.
Cristiano Ronaldo's hotels for coronavirus patients to be replaced at the hospital
NSA Ajit Doval has accepted that Chinese troops have entered the Indian border.
Pranav Mukherjee in Images पीएम मोदी भी छूते थे पूर्व राष्ट्रपति प्रणब मुखर्जी के पांव, देखें यादगार तस्वीरें
Now brothers have to sit silently. These government Dalli media will also have to be taught a lesson.
The Center has told the Supreme Court that the airlines will refund the entire amount of tickets purchased during the lockdown and other news reports
The Sanghi brand… Prajashkunpandeya's clit dance with Hindu Mahasabha firing at Gandhi's effigy… Prajashkunpandeya's clit dancing at Gandhi's effigy
NCB can arrest Riya in the next hour, caught another drug paddler
In the WhatsApp chat messages that have come out of the phone of Rishabh, it has been found that Rishabh was talking about the dealings of Dubies.
मध्यप्रदेश में हजार से भी ज्यादा कोरोना केस होने के उपलक्ष्य में रविवार को संपूर्ण के दौरान भाजपा का सदस्यता अभियान।
We have seen dogs born in the house of a staunch Hindu lion and have also seen these dogs licking their heads. Nation will not forgive them ..
Uditraj ji must muster up the courage to say something to the leader whose welcome at Mumbai station should protest against the slogans of Pakistan Zindabad, that it is acceptable that you are a patriot or else do not make unrestrained babble
UP PM report reveals that Heartatak had killed former MLA Nirvendra with injuries on his body, son had claimed beating
Think of giving a gift card instead of cash to help a friend who has lost a job, can pay Netflix and gym fees, but not much
Hindus are dead in Bengal, so I don't mind - Kish Kumar
रक्षा मंत्री ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति के निधन पर शोक व्यक्त किया विवरण 
